@ℒℯ 『atm』 is my only friend
@ℒℯ 『atm』 put himself through college by going full black face and stripping under the name Malcolm Sex
atm has a lot of money and a tight slot
atm's 2021 resolution was to be a fish
the atm call is discordant screaming
fun @ℒℯ 『atm』 fact: if you ground atm into a paste, he'd die but it'd taste good spread on toast
atm is like my usage of toilet paper, liberal
Atm once died and came back to life; he was fined $400 for being gay in heaven
every morning when he wakes up @ℒℯ 『atm』 is faced with 2 buttons, one would end world hunger forever and the other one starts playing Scatman. He has never pressed the button to end hunger
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is a creature of habit, better known as a nun
@ℒℯ 『atm』 has a passion for fashion
@ℒℯ 『atm』 was married to an NBA player for 3 years
@ℒℯ 『atm』 speaks 97 languages, all of them Elvish
@ℒℯ 『atm』 eats on average, 16 spiders a day
@ℒℯ 『atm』 invented the dating app Amputatr which matches amputees with other amputees that have the limbs the other doesn't
@ℒℯ 『atm』 invented a time machine so he could go back in time and cuck george washington
@ℒℯ 『atm』 once drank a gallon of cooking oil then fried chicken in his rectum
@ℒℯ 『atm』 puts the "cute" in "acute radiation sickness"
with our current technology, there is no way for us to know if @ℒℯ 『atm』 is actually from this time or a traveler from the future and if he is from the future, he can use his superior knowledge to limit our advancement so that we never develop the technology to find an answer
@ℒℯ 『atm』's internal monologue is voiced by Keith David
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is named after NFL free agent Adam Bisnowaty which is weird because they were born around the same time
@ℒℯ 『atm』 was an executive producer on Quantum Leap
much like many members of the amphibian family Centrolenidae, @ℒℯ 『atm』 has transparent skin through which you can see his muscles and organs!
thinking about that time I saw @ℒℯ 『atm』 in the GAP outlet store trying on chinos and he pretended he didn't know me
@ℒℯ 『atm』 thinks the scene in Total Recall where Arnold's eyes are getting sucked out didn't last long enough
@ℒℯ 『atm』 always aligns as true neutral in everything because he's committed to centrism
@ℒℯ 『atm』 always carries a sword in case a dame needs his help
@ℒℯ 『atm』 only wears jumpsuits
@ℒℯ 『atm』 wants to run a train on Fivey Fox
@ℒℯ 『atm』 has never met a foreskin he couldn't steal
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is a shapeshifter but he can only shift between 2 shapes, normal sized head and tiny head
@ℒℯ 『atm』 calls Planned Parenthood to ask if he can buy "taxidermy supplies"
@ℒℯ 『atm』's favorite sweater material is boyfriend
Not to be racist but @ℒℯ 『atm』 smells good
@ℒℯ 『atm』's dream job is to be an undercover cop at a furry convention because he gets to be a cop and wear a fursuit
@ℒℯ 『atm』 come over, we can watch twilight and eat beans
i heard a rumor that @ℒℯ 『atm』 is a vertebrate
the T in @ℒℯ 『atm』 stands for "trans rights"
evidence suggests that @ℒℯ 『atm』 is, in fact, a MILF
I keep waking up to @ℒℯ 『atm』 floating above my bed telling the the exact time and date of my death.  Is he flirting with me?
I was out on patrol and I saw @ℒℯ 『atm』 in the woods.  He was hovering over a dead coyote and when he heard me he spun around to lock eyes with me.  He told me that I was only borrowing my molecules before disappearing in a blinding light.
I was out on patrol and I heard a noise from the woods.  I looked and saw two eyes in the dark.  I found myself walking to the eyes and there was @ℒℯ 『atm』 tied to a tree.  I started to try and get him down but he fixed me with a stare.  "I am not bound, little rabbit.  Do you see? Can you see how foolish your attempt is?"  I was frozen by his gaze.  In his eyes I saw a hole in logic, in reason.  A deer shaped hole in the universe.  When I came to I was weeping.
@ℒℯ 『atm』 left a deer shaped hole in our deer shaped hearts
@ℒℯ 『atm』 owns the only white women extinction button in the world, he's just biding his time.
Atm refuses to play a Druid in WoW because they can only shapeshift into a deer in Travel Form, not in combat or pretty much all the time.
Atm’s skin is dry clean only
if you pause the second hobbit movie at just the right time you can see @ℒℯ 『atm』 sneaking out of radagast's house where he'd just spent the night
atm is a direct descendent of James K Polk
atm once broke into my home, ate all my plastic bags then died in my bathtub
atm eats Band Aids
atm doesnt even clap for essential workers every night at 7pm
there is no evidence that Detroit actually exists, the best of our scientific knowledge, it was invented by atm to sell cars. All attempts by scientists to study Detroit has ended in mysterious disappearances
atm has IBS, Inflatable Ball Sack
@ℒℯ 『atm』had clawed their initials into my skin. I can only see them when I bath in tomato soup.
atm has a sexy Chairman Mao body pillow
atm is banned from Switzerland
atm is the heir to the vast Colgate toothpaste fortune
Every morning theres a halo hanging from the corner of atm's four-post bed
atm is not allowed within 2 miles of any dog racing track
atm dumps the pasta and drinks the pasta water instead
atm makes up random weird facts about people but usually one specific person because it distracts him from his crippling loneliness, poor sexual performance and small penis and this isnt projection
atm eats a pound of cream cheese a day
atm is a nudist
atm's favorite cracker is barrel
atm microwaves fish in the office microwave
atm's reddit profile is a UNESCO heritage site
atm's favorite nut is the humble almond
atm has wings on dvd
atm was found dead this morning after drowning in hog cum at the Iowa Central Hog Cum Repository. The coroner described it as "the happiest corpse he had ever seen"
atm likes his water like he likes his men, hot and brown
"what is dead, must stay dead" - atm, walking out the door carrying an ax
atm  likes 311 and has seen them play in concert in Boston, Massachusetts
one man's shit is another man's treasure and that man is atm
a fully grown atm can run at speeds up to 110mph. Now thats what I call a "nascar"!
atm was the inspiration behind the hit book "The Bible"
atm dated Snookie in 2013
atm was involved in an international flying squirrel trafficking ring
atm is an actor in local productions of Shakespeare at the community center
atm is inspired by his favorite movie, Jaws 3
atm has a Richard Nixon fetish
atm has a henry kissinger body pillow
atm  e-mails furry diaper porn to Noam Chomsky
your average American family of 4 eats one whole atm every 3 weeks
atm has a disco ball in his bathroom
atm likes the Beatles
atm keeps sneaking into my room to inject me with his "super soldier serum" which I'm pretty sure is just ketamine he stole from the vet
atm thinks Neil Blomkamp movies are comedies
atm is one of those weird people thats really into Sherlock Holmes
fun fact: atm is 24 years old and has 2 cats
atm's favorite color is aubergine which is kinda weird and specific
atm is a penis goblin, a goblin that steals penises
Every night atm takes on liquid form and sleeps in a bucket, something that has never been done in sci-fi
atm  recently received a NSF grant to teach rats to order and pay for a foot-long from Subway
atm roughly translates to "fart king" in his native language, 10th century French
Every night atm comes to me in my sleep. Try as I might to not sleep night after night the dark always takes me and I sleep no matter the drug or the stimulus I sleep and atm comes to me, his face floating before me reciting the text of Revelations before shouting XD in an increasingly discordant voice until I fade back to black and wake where I may. I fear that death will only result in the endless torture of his face without the option of waking, there is no escape from the face of chaos.
atm puts the wank in wankel
Historical evidence suggest that Helen of Troy was actually atm of Troy
Da Vinky modeled Jesus from "The Last Supper" after atm
atm was the inspiration for Caillou
Try new low calorie atm! Only 15 calories per serving! Same great taste!
every morning atm wakes up before dawn, sits down at the table and slowly eats an entire loaf of wonder bread while blankly staring at a wall. Once he has finished the loaf, he is ready to start his day
atm's favorite country is country western
atm's favorite artist is Ashley Simpson
atm can fit his whole fist in his mouth
atm's favorite song is a dubstep remix of the National Anthem
The real atm died 11 years ago in a car collision. The atm we all know now is an eldritch God that has taken his visage. Our constant shit posting gives it a connection to this plane.
in an alternate timeline, atm assassinated JFK. regardless of timeline, atm pronounces JFK "Jeefka"
Atm frequently hangs out with Tupac and Biggie in Cuba
atm was once accused of being frigid by none other than james earl jones
atm received birthday cards from alan rickman for all his life and no one knows why
atm holds the world record
atm is widely regarded as the foremost expert on laurence fishburne's shoes
atm is a landlord
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is obsessed with the word "finna", and uses it incorrectly 7 times a day on average. Examples include "I am pogchamp at this video game, finna pogchamp" and "I invented a new word (by me)! It is called finna". @ℒℯ 『phat』 considers this to be cultural appropriation, but says nothing out of fear that @ℒℯ 『merth』 will scratch his Westworld dvds
ATM stands for Am The Moon
atm stands for Also Twinks Moon
atm is a good friend
atm is a gouda friend :cheese:
Atm is cute
Atm's toes are all 2 feet long, and flop around and shit when he walks
In 2021 ATM will convert to Catholicism and declare himself the King of the Holy American Empire. We will unite the nation under Christendom and reclaim what is God's.
despite his name, if you insert money into atm's hole, he does NOT give you a receipt
ATM will only stay in hotels if they're within a 300 ft radius of a pizza place
Atm's teeth are the strongest substance in the known universe, periodically grow back and are used in industrial mining operations
Atm went for an MRI scan and it was discovered that his brain was simultaneously simulating this and 53 other universes
Atm prefers to use chopsticks with his feet
Atm's favorite drink is a glass of lukewarm tap water with a teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil
Atm tells the truth, especially when he lies
Atm has a half life of 0.23 pico seconds and his existence has not been observed in nature, some promising research has been made towards detecting the elements that he decays into
Atm has 8 fingers on each hand when no one is looking
Atm eats books to gain their knowledge
Atm's skin can photosynthesize moonlight but it gives him horrible gas
One of atm's antlers can cure boneitis but giving it up would throw off his aesthetic so he refuses
Atm's onlyfans membership costs $200/month, and only has pictures of his toenail clippings
ATM owns 100% of the stock for toenail clippers
Wanting to be more "big time", over cultural appropriation, atm is the first person to have committed cultural grand-theft auto
Atm stole the Eiffel tower and moved it 3 inches southwest. Parisians are fiercely divided on whether this is an improvement or not.
Atm is the proud owner of the only color TV in the world
Atm's arms are swapped; his left arm is on his right side, and vice versa
Atm's nostrils are swapped, Right for left and left for right
"I don't know my left v right" - atm
atm's parents met in a Red Lobster in 1987 then never again
atm's testicles are so large he can sleep on them wrong in a way that causes pain
Atm's testicles are very elongated, like bananas, and he himself refers to them as "testicools"
Atm calls browser tabs "internet flaps"
Atm sweats gallons every night
Atm has never been kissed
Atm kisses, he does not get kissed
ATM had an N64 implanted in his brain so that he can play Super Mario 64 in his mind. Occassionally the line between the N64 and reality is blurred, however, which leads to him having severe injuries from attempting to backwards long jump in the nearest stairwell.
ATM produced a porn version of 12 Years a Slave called "12 Years a Slave". It was not well received
ATM was once the star midfielder for English 4th division team, Leyton Orient. He ended the 2010-11 season with 15 goals and 17 assists as Leyton Orient was demoted to the 5th division. He was the only player for the team.
ATM has a secret shrine where he worships youtube streamer Dr Disrespect
ATM is the only person who knows why he was banned from Twitch
Atm secretes palm oil from his buttcheeks, providing a much needed sustainable alternative
ATM spells the word POG with his finger when he throws up gang signs
atm once microwaved a hotdog
"I once fed a stray cat to atm" - merth
Atm routinely rips off the top layer of the tongues of white women he deems to have unrefined palates
ATM's ideal woman is Eva Braun
"I like my women like eva braun: dead for 75 years" - atm
atm likes his women like he likes his rivers, Amazon
Atm has a recurring dream every night where he slowly polishes Jeff bezos' Bald head
atm likes his women like he likes the bowl on his living room table: in control of the key to his chastity belt
atm has four attack dogs trained to attack thicc black men. This is not a racist thing, atm stole phat's jewels and is trying to prevent him from getting them back
atm once mailed a male to Mali
atm once had a wart frozen off
ATM played Abraham Lincoln in his school's production of Fiddler on the Roof
atm shops at forever21
ATM broke into the capital building today so he could get into AOCs office and steal her foot rest
Atm snores at the resonance frequency of the universe
ATM invented the N word yet does not have the N word pass, the lost it in a game of high stakes poker with Vanilla Ice
In 200 BC Atm went to the south pole and asked Atlas to vore him
When atm was 7, he invented wheelies. He sat on the idea and disparaged when they became popular
Atm was 14 ft tall at birth, then shrank down to 2 ft tall and 10 ft wide, then he grew to his current height, 4'8''.
Atm roams the streets of brooklyn at night as his alter ego, Sex Boy
atm can use his big heavy balls to flatten the curvature of space behind a spaceship and propel it to lightspeed
Atm once gave his students the assignment "Finna use the word pogchamp in a sentence"
Atm spent the night with a woodland friend, inventing the term hogchamp
atm designed the AJ-60A strap-on solid rocket booster
Atm is building a science based 100% dragon mmo
atm owns the largest collection of Sonic porn in North America
atm broke into NASA and replaced the gold disk on Pioneer with a photocopy of his butt
The movie "the human centipede" is based on atm's life. Atm is the centipede
atm has a Heisman trophy
Atm's buttfangs are always visible, from every angle
when threatened, atm can open a frill of skin around his neck to make himself look bigger
atm was the voice of Peter Griffin from 2004-2007
Atm is known in some circles as "the Lord of guano"
atm is Larry Bird's dad
atm can pump 57 cubic feet of water per hour
all facts about atm are false
atm only exists in odd-numbered dimensions
The inverse of atm is mta. That is not a coincidence. If you were to describe both the new York MTA and atm, you'd realize they are opposite in every single aspect. That is, Of course, by design. You might think that they are both full of piss. But atm never contains piss. He materializes it at the end point. Think of a venn diagram of piss and atm never intersecting
MTA: full of trash. ATM: not full of trash
atm likes soft blankets
Atm hates eating trash, he only eats fresh garbage off the floor
ATMs organs process his intake at 100% efficiency thus no need to expel waste
ATM knows why the caged bird sings
Atm has four fingers per hand, for a total of twelve.
Atm once forced his students to perform a stage play adaptation of The Human Centipede
atm was censured by Italian parliament
Atm's feet always point to the east
moss grows on atms chest
Atm's income comes mainly from selling edible panties (root beer flavor)
atm is banned from Mexico until 2058. it was a 100 year ban
atm knows when to hold them and knows when to fold them
atm recently unlocked his 57th chakra
Atm is friends with 6 wizards
atm was asked why he was here and he simply replied "when the sea dries up all the fish retreat to a puddle". When asked who dried the sea he did not answer. 52 days later, the puddle dried up
atm rode through the desert on a horse with no name
Atm has compound eyes. His grandmother was a dragonfly
atm has compound eyes, his grandfather was david koresh
Atm's hair is made of fiberglass, which is why he can only go to the same barber/hair salon once
Atm can shoot spaghetti from his teeth
spaghetti is italian for atm
Atm supports Gadaffi's rule, even after his death
atm won the first and last Nobel prize in Italian history
Before the Internet was invented, atm bought dick photos for $10 each
Atm excretes cheese from his ears when he feels fear
atm is a proponent of dark forest theory
Atm idolizes louis XIV and aspires to be like him one day
atm was there when the walls fell
Atm has a medical license as :b:octor:b:ambeba
when atm saw the first atomic bomb test, he simply said "thats gonna leave a mark!"
atm is the captain of a Shenzhou class freighter in the Antares system
Atm once challenged zeus to an arm wrestling duel and lost
Atm intends to debut as a vtuber when the stars align
atm and @BFKelleher have a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde relationship but no one knows which is which
atm died in a house fire at 10:01 AM
Atm loves the "Goblin Slayer" series for its accurate depiction of goblins
The saying "there's always a bigger fish" was coined by Atm because if you ever bring him a fish, he will have a bigger one to one up you
atm invested in Enron in 1992
Atm orchestrated the BP oil spill because he was thirsty and craving oil
contrary to popular belief, atm does not get his kicks on route 66
Atm only wears boots already worn by micheal jordan, micheal jackson, or michelle obama
atm beat Usain Bolt's record for most chicken wings eaten in an hour
Atm's favorite food is deep fried eyeball and eggs
Inside atm is a wolf. It is mildly racist
Everybody poops, including atm
Atm has never eaten an apple
Atm thinks "queef" is a brand of beef jerky
Atm was the original creator of One Piece, or at the time known as "One Piece of Ass"
Atm put a gun that can kill ghosts and a breaking bad funko pop in the city of Albuquerque’s time capsule. They were the only submissions
atm was responsible for euthanizing Sailor Pluto after Pluto lost its planet status
atm puts the "mad" in "made in China"
atm likes his women like he likes his spaghetti, cold and plain
atm was raised by wild beavers
atm's nickname is "1488", referencing his record shattering 14 foot long jump at the 1988 olympics
@ℒℯ 『atm』 please release 14 jumpit videos
Atm is the solution to the fermi paradox
The great filter is atm getting bored and just eating the planet
atm's favorite video game is mario FART
ATM invented Speedrunning
atm has brittle bone disease, and has a permanent milk IV to compensate.
Atm has no mouth and decides to anyway
atm is the primary investor for The Mahjong Line
atm has ten breasts per hour
atm's favorite drink is egg nog
atm has muted this channel
despite claiming to be a "teacher" and an "expert at mahjong", atm refuses to teach me how to play
atm is "PogChamp". what this means is unknown
atm once published the poem *I am finna to "pog off": a poem by me, ATM*
atm is dead and we have killed him
atm owns a printing press
atm evicted a family of red squirrels from his attic
atm evicted a family of black people from the property he paid off 30 years ago
atm was the first ever 32-bit console
Atm has never worn clothes in florida
ATM won gold at the Montreal Olympics for furiously masturbating. The event has been retired in his honor.
Atm has never seen a woman
Atm is cursed to roam these lands for all eternity
Atm can swim on land
Atm makes type beats and puts them on youtube
Atm hears all sound in the form of a MIDI file
Atm is good friends with Josh Brolin
ATM played for the New York Knicks from 1978-1983 and again from 2006-2011
atm constantly emits alpha radiation. it causes a lot of cancer
atm owns a small neighborhood bakery in Paris
Atm is the means of production
Atm can transform into a salamander but only after he eats a Big Mac
atm is not affected by entropy
When decoded correctly, the cosmic microwave background radiation renders an image of atm holding a pomegranate
atm wrote the intro theme for Star Trek: Enterprise
atm rode a tank in the general's ranks
atm was a bomber pilot in WWII and fondly remembers his night missions over London
atm once touched fuzzy and got dizzy
ATM still uses google+ despite google shutting it down 2 years ago
ATM is a horcrux for Bambi
Atm will dance the dance that destroys the worl
atm was the second member of the royal college of arts. he was admitted after shitting on the mona lisa
atm invented the sandwich
atm's favorite architectural style is colonial revival
atm worked as a ball washer at Chuck E Cheese's in high school
atm runs an unlicensed petting zoo out of the Kohl's fitting room in Shreveport, Louisiana
atm did a lot of cocaine in the 70s
Atm is the foremost iphone 2 reseller in central america
Atm is an S-rank swordsman when using sharpened vulture bones
Barack Obama was originally named "The Barack Obama" until a smooth talking atm advised his parents to drop the "the"
Atm has Feelings, and that's Gay.
atm is a fun guy and fungi
Atm's supervillain name is Dark Obama the Destructor
atm is confused about his sexual attraction to Captain Janeway
it was atm's idea to detonate the whale that washed up in Oregon in 1970
Atm is, allegedly, incredibly racist
Atm buys food and then eats it in front of homeless people
When atm, age 5, was asked "What do you wanna be when you grow up?", he answered "Grand Wizard of the KKK"
Instead of wallpaper, atm's walls are covered in foreskin
atm has 3 faces, 2 are from his victims
there are two atms inside you, one is gay, and the other is gay
atm has an evil alter eggo
Atm is allergic to ceiling fans
Atm's favorite perfume is Axe Body Spray Dad Queef Deluxe
when the first humans cross the land bridge to north america they were surprised to find atm already living there
the whale in Moby Dick is a metaphor for atm
atm is responsible for sinking the Kursk
atm was unearthed in Giza in 1859
atm likes to entice women with his girth
atm has never met a dame he could not swindle
atm is a big anime fan
atm has, in fact, never met a dame
atm has gams that go all the way up
joe biden is atm's son
atm fathered time
atm is the president of the "Momala Harris Fan Club"
atm is a Queen
Atm was once taught the joys of being a woman by john cena and art garfunkel
Atm is a big wrestling fan. He sleeps in his john cena-shaped bed every night.
the truth of the universe can be seen when you x-ray atm but only those that have spent a lifetime seeking enlightenment can look upon the Great Truth without going completely mad
Atm's draft for bill clinton's inauguration speech was just "Bruh, im nuttingggg"
atm failed medical school but still practiced medicine in Mexico until 1953
atm graduated top of his class from Bottom School which is actually the worst ranking
atm fondly remembers when Africa and South America were still connected
atm has strange opinions about dogs
ATM had a crossover movie with Scooby Doo that was only released in The Democratic Republic of Congo
atm can fry a chicken in his mouth
Atm lives at the theater and calls it home
Atm controls the entire US drug trade
Atm has Joe Biden tied up in his basement. The Joe Biden we see in public is just a clone Atm made of him.
Atm wrote in Ralph Nader in the 2020 election
Atm only recognizes Neil Breen as a true auteur
atm has 7 sisters
atm is a Russia truther, he doesn't believe Russia exists. "So you're telling me there is a country the size of Pluto thats mostly empty and I'm just supposed to accept that?"
the seven deadly sins were based on atm's sisters :waoh
The Winnemucca, NV police have a warrant for atm's arrest
every morning atm looks in the mirror and says "bloody mary" 3 times but she stopped answering his calls since the divorce was finalized
atm is one of the Baja Men
atm wears a mo cap suit and stands in for Khloe Kardashian on Keeping Up With The Kardashians
Atm is also known as "the Hog of the Twin Cities"
Atm plans to storm the twitch.tv headquarters in order to reinstate the PogChamp emote
Atm has been disbarred five times
Atm drinks tea through osmosis
Atm once went Hog Wild
Atm can finish a 20-piece puzzle in five minutes or less
atm speed ran a traditional Japanese tea ceremony which caused much anger
atm was the 19th governor of Florida
Atm turns chairs upside down and sits on one of the legs
Atm banned me from twittee
atm raises show chickens
Atm's chest hair is made of onion rings
atm stole @BFKelleher's eyes
atm owns a tv repair shop thats just a front for his unlicensed vacuum repair business
Atm smears his feet with cow grease to go faster
atm once pogged so hard the universe restarted
atm's farts sound like the drop in a Skrillex song
atm went to god and said "what if you made a fat creature that hops and makes a croaking noise?" and thus the toad was invented
atm is hung
atm was arrested in Eugene, OR for stealing and eating bird seed from people's bird feeders
ATM had his sexual awakening watching Rudolph
atm had a sexual awakening watching Rudolf Hess
Atm proposed a cartoon to Disney called Rudolf the Swastika-Nosed Reindeer
Atm keeps an entire storage unit full of Atari Jaguars
Atm keeps an entire storage unit full of storage wars DVDs in hopes that a later season of storage wars gets meta
atm met Timothy McVeigh in a bar and convinced him to "follow his dreams" without knowing what those dreams were
atm saw Jesus getting crucified and loudly said "thats gonna leave a mark!"
Atm was the director of a 3D porn video based on Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer
Atm is an advanced prototype. A mimetic poly-alloy. Liquid metal.
atm doesnt know how to use a straw
Atm has a disco ball made from shards of sum 41 cd's he arranged in alphabetical order of the lyrics from top to bottom
Atm never realized just how much activity this channel was going to see
The eventual culmination of this channel is a 9 season long sitcom where atm plays every character
atm's sole comment on the Berlin Wall coming down was "yeah things are really pogging off over here"
ATM invented Fortnite
atm wast hath found dead this m'rning aft'r drowning in hog cum at the iowa central hog cum reposit'ry.  The c'ron'r did describe t as "the happiest c'rpse that gent hadst ev'r seen"
ATM shot Keanu Reeves' dog to reenact "John Wick". He did not get his wish.
atm is tall, dark and handsome
Atm shot the sheriff and he did shoot the deputy
ATM buys 4 different prostitutes every Wednesday night, he calls it his "Weekly Pathfinder Group"
atm is under investigation for tax fraud
atm is also investigating tax fraud
ATM's favorite mid day snack is Post Hog. A mix of his favorite Post ™ cereal and ground pork
Atm is the only owner of the White Castle game system
Atm was arrested for drinking milk from two cows at once, in 2004
atm received a nobel prize in physics for his groundbreaking work in nuclear fusion
atm sponsored research into cum salt reactors, much to the horror of those who had given him such high praise for his work in nuclear fusion
Atm won the pulitzer prize for his sassy twitter comebacks
ATM is the President of the United States
ATM has voted Ron Paul for president every election since 1843
atm started the civil war when he tripped on a cable and unplugged the machine that holds the Union together
Atm has a PogChamp tattoo, where the mouth is his anus
atm topped JFK
When Atm learned JFK was assassinated his only comment was "rats off to ya!"
atm invented the pop up web advertisement
Atm did mo-cap for ratatouille
despite all his rage atm is still just a rat in a cage
Atm was the art director for the holocaust
Atm made a fursona for Obama called Bark O'Drama
ATM is actually Yagoo
Atm invented the original Dad Queef
Atm is verified on pornhub under the funny category
Atm makes delish spinach puffs
atm committed the original sin
ATM sells heroin to ferrets
atm sexually enjoys churning butter
atm supports women's rights, but not girls' rights or hags' rights
Atm may not agree with it, but Damnit he'll fight for your right to party
Atm wants to spinge my florg
Adam and Steve were both named after atm
atm shits his diaper
atm has an onion booty, its making me cry
atm was charged in absentia and found guilty
Atm and James Earl Jones are the same person, there all fixed
atm was the lead singer of Washington, DC based punk band, Minor Threat
atm likes waluigi
atm makes no sense
God is a girl, and so is atm
Atm doesn't know what a dog is
Atm is engaged to steve bannon
Atm invented the dress
Atm is... quite delectable :eyes: :tongue:
Atm can't even use the word pogchamp in a sentence
Atm calls his penis The Cunt Destroyer, even though it has actually destroyed zero cunts.
Atm is a normal high school boy
atm has never given a strong opinon about Thomas II of Savoy becoming  count of Flanders in 1237, and thats pretty fucked up
Atm married steve irwin for the money
Atm paid off the stingray for the life insurance money
Atm holds some questionable views
atm holds some questionable things
Atm holds bags of sand from time to time
When asked what boobs feel like, atm responded "Like condoms inflated with massive amounts of cum"
Atm keeps introducing himself as Daddy Pogchamp, causing major problems for the census offices
Atm is 50% butter
irish cows make atm butter
Atm is a drama queen
ATM insists on saying Itadakimasu instead of Amen when saying grace
Atm has perfected the art of the combat queef
atm owns a large collection of Albanian art and literature
Atm likes to "enjoy" candle wax
atm's favorite flavor is "summer linen"
atm dated Monica Lewinsky so he could kiss the mouth that Bill Clinton pogged off in
ATM invented white people 6000 years ago in the caucus mountains
Atm is a big boy
atm is a big boy with a small heart and it causes him constant agony
atm is the fifth state of matter
Guns don't kill people atm does. With his dussy
atm was used to transport coal and iron ore on the great lakes from 1947-1956
atm built the pyramids
Atm once ate a pear whole
ATM spearheaded the hashtag #standwithnotch
ATM is to swag what swag is to fraggle rock
atm is tired
According to the New York Times, ATM is a cumslut
atm has seen the death of the last star and the endless despair that comes after that moment
atm considered inventing an app that locates unattended children in your neighbourhood
atm drew this https://i.imgur.com/7OIUTYR.png
atm is family sized
ATM has never used the word pogchamp in a sentence
ATM ghost wrote the art of the deal
atm has never posted cringe
atm has never posted based
ATM has been justin trudeau's makeup artist since forever
atm's skeleton rattles
The milk in atm's titties sloshes around audibly
ATM can't stealth because his dummy engorged testicles are too full of cum and piss
Atm is D B Cooper
ATM is madly in love with penny from the bazooper show
ATM thinks baguette is pronounced baggot
ATM thought boss baby was a "finna great movie"
ATM is the red pill
ATM wants to FUCK big chungus
ATM's spirit animal is the humble botfly
ATM has a chip on his shoulder
ATM owns a tainted winery
ATM is like forty years old
atm makes wine from his taint sweat
ATM trademarked the word "Meet'N'Fuck"
ATM's taint smells like ball sweat
dragon ball z is based on atm's life
ATM has seven balls
ATM is the yeti from star wars 5
ATM's favorite manga of all time was written in 2034
atm is a merth herder
atm is a fursuit hoarder. He intends to resell them at 2000% of the market price during a shortage
atm is a fucking homo
atm ate a dog
ATM's neighbours call him The Hog Strangler
atm's hogs just call him The Strangler
ATMs just wanna have fun
When I typed "ATMs", my phone suggested the continuation "anal labia"
ATM thinks "sex" is a type of fruit
ATM is an isekai protagonist
Atm caused the crusades when he accidentally sneezed on the Pope
ATM doesn't support women's right but women's center
ATM is Nyanners
atm is nyancat
ATM is actually Hannah Montana
atm served in Vietnam at the first McDonalds in Hanoi
Atm is awaiting his mating ritual with another greenland shark
the last atm fact will be posted on December 9th, 2023 at 10:01 AM approximately 4 minutes before Galactacus consumes the Earth
atm can talk to bunnies
atm has never met a horse he couldn't knock out in one hit
the temporal incongruities in ATM facts have already been dealt with canonically by his non-entropic existence in higher dimensions
atm was able to confirm that Cyberpunk 2077 actually got most things right
atm invented cyberbullying
atm finds this drab world and all of its plastic people simply exhausting
atm produced and played every character in a remake of Turner and Hooch where Hooch says swear words
Atm is solar powered but not by our sun.
atm has 6 children
Atm has depwession
Theres an internet of things version of atm. He does all sorts of fun interactive stuff when you give him commands using the official ATM Companion App
atm is related to Charlemagne but no one knows in what way
ATM's favorite pokemon is kakuna
Atm was responsible for QA testing on Fallout New Vegas
Atm picks the old witch's ring when starting dark souls
Atm is the lord of the rings
Atm created the "Do the Mario" dance. His contract stipulates that he gets $1 whenever someone watches the credits to the Super Mario Super Show
ATM wrestled Bret Hart in 1988 in Tijuana,Mexico
atm saw his future and it was his past which inspired him to write X-Men: Days of Future Past
ATM canceled Firefly
atm once danced with the devil in the pale moon light
atm is an expert in phrenology. He can read your future just from your skull shape
atm shit my pants
Atm likes bussy
using CRISPR CAS-9 technology, atm made himself a catboy bf. It was quickly euthanized
Learning from a previous failure, atm tried to use gene editing technology to make buffalo wings which ended in a buffalo embedded in the Empire State Building
atm likes frogs, they go boing and ribbit
atm was the COO of game spy
atm keeps 4 different attorneys on retainer
atm is an accountant for the mob
All ATMs are queens
atm's cock is both a show-er and a grower
atm is the cock of the walk
atm has a huge mouth but has never once screamed
there are few limits to atm's power
ATM's screave is the secret ingredient to the krabby patty secret formula
atm can make his ass clap
Atm has subsisted on nothing but packets of pepperoni his whole life
Atm pees laying down
Much like the humble cod, atm produces a natural anti-freeze in his blood
atm is a licensed and bonded electrician in Billerica, MA
atm shot the fact bot
Atm is the fact bot
atm collects bats, which kind is up to the reader
atm once wazooped arnold, king of california, in his fonk honk
atm stole patrick stewart's eyelids
Atm farts in B sharp every single time
atm farts in C# every single time
ATM's got a musically inclined butthole
Atm is a big gay homo
Atm was reprimanded because he wouldn't stop playing disintegration for his class of 7 year olds
ATM was the reason Michael Jordan retired for 2 years
"I'm the reason [Michael Jordan] started playing baseball" - ATM
atm has appeared in every Christopher Nolan film
atm once went up to Stan Lee and said "what if America had a captain or something?"
atm was originally supposed to direct the X-men movies but was dropped because he demanded that Patrick Stewart wear the lobster suit
the 2007 movie "Wild Hogs" was based on atm's tweets
ATM has been furiously attempting to create time travel to go back in time to save Biggie and Tupac
ATM is the reason Bobby Shmurda is still in jail
Tha Carter III is about atm
atm and Drake are working on a collab where atm beats the shit out of Drake
ATM murdered Bob Marley in cold blood
ATM's greatest contribution to humanity is shooting John Lennon
atm can cook a turkey
Future atm went back in time to stop john lennon from beating yoko ono to death, killing him in the process
atm topped Ronald Reagan which Jodie Foster found much more impressive than shooting him
ATM is the appendix of God
atm knows what the "E" in "Chuck E. Cheese's" stands for
atm was Ambassador to Norway from 1907-1913
ATM was the chief executioner under kim jong il's regime in the DPRK
ATM was ron jeremy's fluffer
ATM's sippy cup is the true Holy Grail
Welcome to atm, home of the Whopper!
There is no fact. Only atm. Glory unto him
atm's nickname in high school was "the chipmunk" because of how many erasers he could fit in his mouth
atm's nickname in middle school was "the cat" because he ate the kind nicknamed "the mouse"
atm's nickname in kindergarten was "The Grand Inquisitor of the 13th Principality of Mogue" because that class was not well supervised
atm does a lot of drugs
atm went to Harvard Law to bully the nerds that actually thought studying law was worth something
atm is the fruit of the moon tree
atm went to god and said "hey, what if you made a fruit with a hard pit that looked like a butt?"
atm knows the answer to the question "what if god was one of us?" and it terrifies him
atm has this channel muted because we're psychos
atm knows for whom the bell tolls
atm likes cheesecake
atm went to god and said "what if you made a fruit thats absurdly difficult to cultivate, harvest and eat but will eventually lead to the imperialist overthrow of a stable monarchy?" And thus the pineapple was created
ATM cries pee and bleeds diarrhea
atm uses regex to parse html
when the Borg came to assimilate atm he said "kinda cringe ngl" then dabbed them out of existence
atm once stopped to help me change my flat tire so i could make it to my job interview on time
atm came up with all of these facts
atm has been, and always will be my friend
atm (from the future) once slashed my tires to prevent me from going fishing, thus preventing a zombie kaiju apocalypse
atm is a zombie kaiju
atm is currently an American
The briefcase in Pulp Fiction contains ATM's missing fourth testicle
atm wanted to use nuclear weapons in the English Civil War but nobody knew what the fuck he was talking about
atm loses every game of starcraft he plays against merth
atm throws games he plays against merth to help boost merth's self-esteem and give him just a little burst of happy brain juice
ATM skinned a cop alive and filled the skin with luminescent gel. He calls it his HogLamp
ATM invented war
On the first day, ATM said based, and the up quarks were born. On the second day, ATM said cringe, and the down quarks were born. On the third day, ATM dabbed, and the quarks united to form heaven and earth. On the fourth day, ATM "pogged off", spawning all life. On the fifth day, ATM farted, creating disease. On the sixth day, ATM experienced babby's first angy, creating war. On the seventh day, ATM experienced babby's first cri, creating death.
atm is a liar and a thief
atm was blinded by the light, revved up like a deuce another roller in the night
Atm was president of Brazil for exactly .000001 seconds before being impeached for lewd conduct
atm lives in a taxidermy blue whale
atm prefers a baitcaster over a spinning reel
ATM's bathrug is in the shape of guy fieri
Between 2006 and 2009, Guy Fieri worked part-time as ATM's bathrug
Atm is the comptroller of Flavor Town
atm is the jeanne d'arc of our time
ATM's alter ego is Jeff Bezos
Atm was good friends with King George
atm is night manager at the Denny's in Gretna, Nebraska
Atm created covid
atm was known as "the butcher of Guadalajara" for the wildly popular butcher shop he ran in Guadalajara from 1953-1956
atm has what the New England Journal of Medicine described as "an interesting liver"
atm was a letter carrier with the US postal service from 1871-1902
Atm is a privateer
Atm's favorite pizza topping is sauerkraut
atm has skin and he can't remember who it belonged to
atm vomited on the Japanese prime minister on January 8th, 1992
ATM's cheeks can recreate the taco bell noise with perfect pitch
atm is henry kissinbed
atm is a master leather worker
not even wild horses could drag atm away from us
atm is the village pastor at St. James church in Hutton-in-the-Forest, England
Atm has 5 mortgages on a treehouse in the backyard
atm was the first person to poop at the top of Everest and bottom of the Mariana Trench
atm has spoken fluent Klingon since 1963
atm has a long, thin, sticky tongue that he uses to eat ants
ATM hates cops so god damn much
ATM is the Antiques Roadshow's resident nazi memorabilia expert
atm calls his gun Gun of Chekhov
atm calls milk jugs "big mommy milkers"
atm doesnt swim well because he ate a lot of rocks once and they never came back out, good news is he rattles when you shake him
atm is part of the mile long club, you get in by having sex in an Amtrak bathroom
atm goes to guitar stores just to play stairway to heaven
atm goes to town just to go hog wild
atm moves away from the mic to breathe in
atm once cleaved a mountain in twain with a single swing of his axe and thus Twin Peaks was formed
atm uses an unregistered version of hypercam 2
atm uses a registered version of winrar
leading atmologists suspect atm will eventually reverse entropy
most atmologists got into the field thinking they'd be studying insects
atm maintains a body temperature of 100C
atm has a terminal velocity of 10mph
weirdly, phrenology gets things dead on for atm
atm is actually a hamster that killed and ate the internal flesh of a deer to assume it's likeness
if you cut atm spaghetti pours out
ATM makes pipe bombs in his free time
The character Big Daddy from Django Unchained is based on atm
atm ripped the loudest fart in human history during Bill Clinton's funeral
ATM was there when Bill Clinton (Binton) sexed Monica Lewinsky, and when he saw what was going on, he said: "Okay, this is PogChamp. Dab emoji"
atm's physique inspired Stephen King to write the gangbang scene in It
"I am would like to finna to assassinate (murder) Barack HUSSEIN Obama, not due to the contents of his character, but due to the color of his skin" -ATM
8/13 dentists recommend brushing your teeth with atm's cum
atm predicted that Bill Clinton will die April 2022 of a heart attack
Legend has it, that if atm penetrates your bussy while flaccid, and you then show him a photograph of Joe Exotic in an assless fursuit, his "private flesh" will expand with such speed and such force that your intentines will be permanently enlarged, allowing you to shit up to five times faster
atm looked into the future and saw himself looking back
atm went up to Qin Shi Huang and said "hey, what if you unified China and also had a very long sword?" and thus the Warring States period came to an end
ATM used a hi-tech device to briefly link the minds of Hitler and Xi Jinping, starting the Uighur genocide
atm founded Samsung
Atm's favorite game is HuniePop
ATM's ambition is to be discovered by an amazing femboy
The only hills ATM are willing to die on are John Cena's ass, Hank Hill, and the right to free speech with no restrictions
atm puts the "me" in "merth"
There are only two genders because ATM stole the other five
When atm said he was going off the grid, he meant that he was gonna stop seeing aids patients
ATM thinks "too far" is Tupac's cousin
ATM was originally Jesus's fourteenth apostle, but they had a falling out and ATM posted a diss video on tiktok where he said some really hurtful things, so he was removed from the bible
ATM invented UK Drill
ATM relives his stress on flesh, he carves out wounds on backs and chests.
ATM wants to fuck you like an animal
I tried to sell atm a used car, but he called me a dickweed cumboy and left.
atm wrote *Dude looks like a lady* after seeing Astolfo from the Fate series
atm wrote *Dude looks like the Iowa Hog Semen Repository* after seeing @cumlord
atm wrote *Dude looks like a centrist liberal* after seeing @ℒℯ 『merth』
atm wrote *Dude looks like a lady* after seeing me in 2012
atm is an urban legend
atm is a Klingon
Atm is clingfilm
Atm mind-melded with his parents and can now remember his own conception
Atm once pooped so hard he created a new universe
Atm invented disco
Atm once pooped so hard he invented disco
Atm insists on singing gold digger every time he does karaoke. Yes he sings every word
ATM fell into a cheese grater factory while skydiving, his skin is now all frayed and ripped apart like the bark of a birch, flaps of flesh hanging out. He is constantly in excruciating pain
ATM sells weed to rich white kids  at $75 bucks a gram
ATM has been trying to assassinate Alvin and the Chipmunks since 1969 to no avail.
ATM had a deal with the devil to make Michael MacDonald live forever.
ATM started the KONY 2012 movement so googling kony would bring up that instead of his underground organisation Kidnapping Orphaned N-words (Young)
atm is dark
Atm cooks a wonderful pavlova
atm was vlad the impaler
atm is a booth babe at farm equipment shows
atm spent $17,000,000,000 to launch a manned mission to the dark side of the moon so he could listen to Pink Floyd's *The Dark Side of the Moon* in perfect acoustic conditions on the actual dark side of the moon
atm also spent $1,000,000,000 on deer bodypillows with holes
atm was Pope for 15 days in April of 896
a rising atm raises all merths
atm thinks supergauntlet is hotter than bfkelleher
atm's hips don't lie and that has a terrifying implication
atm wants to pog off but his mom won't let him
atm wears an eyepatch to keep his mind inside his skull
atm is pregnant
atm leads a sexy The Pogues cover band called The PAWGs
atm is a frog
Atm eats his cereal with water
atm put the moon there
Atm had incriminating photos of the backside of the moon
if you wanna be atm's lover you gotta get with his friends
Atm has the ability to make anyone kung fu fight at any time
atm is no longer pregnant
atm is closely related to the common gecko which is evident by his ability to lick his own eyes
atm lost a fistfight to Barack Obama in 1964 which is funny cuz Obama was a toddler
When no one was looking, Atm took 40 cakes. That's as many as four tens. And that's terrible.
atm is a scrub
Atm is a literal scum bag. He has a built in pouch to carry scum around
when threatened, atm can turn into a ball and bounce away
atm is a special baby
atm is the DM but only for kink-focused nsfw DnD
atm had his mind peeled open and the truth of all of time and space poured in and the infinite truth drove him to a madness of pure white where all threads of chaos came together and disintegrated into a pure absence of nothing. He was not alone, he was not with anyone, he was consumed by the all encompassing energy of chaos flooding over him like water from a burst dam
one of atm's greatest joys in life is a fresh peach picked from the tree under the summer sun
atm drinks and drives
atm doesn't drink and drive. he smokes and flies
Atm is the only owner of the sequel to Catch-22 "Catch-23"
Atm is known to be the only recipient of a song by Sigur Ros about making glue from the knee caps of venomous amphibian equines
Atm was the inspiration for the Seinfeld episode "the smelly car"
atm is known as america's foreskin
atm once loved jupiter
atm enjoys seal clubbing once in a while
atm also enjoys being clubbed once in a while
Atm won't tell us which moon to attack
ATM created r/slaveryjerk
atm intended to join the capitol riots and go "hog wild", but a femboy anime convention took place at the same time, so he went there instead
atm's favorite number is 31
atm is Steve Harvey's personal mustache stylist
Atm has existed longer than the universe
atm has abs of steel which look cool but arent very flexible
And I saw when atm opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were the noise of thunder, atm saying, Come and see. So I looked down and saw his pog collection.
atm was a cowboy in the old west and yes he ate beans from a can sitting beside a fire while another cowboy played guitar and sang a song about the Rio Grande
Atm's fursona may be a deer but his fursona's fursona is a koala
When he was just 19 years of age atm's homeworld in the 9th dimension was destroyed by a cross-time vortex. Alone, the only survivor of his race atm floated for eons through the void and the dimensions, outside of time and space, aimless in a universe beyond our understanding
atm collects vintage soup cans
atm has been to heaven and he saw that eternal paradise is not a paradise but a cage of saccharine suffering under and angry goblin
atm arrived in the realm of man and the people of the valley came to him and followed him. the people of the valley followed him and seeked his guidance and wisdom, they hung on his words and revered him as a god for atm was something greater than they. but salvation never came, enlightenment never came. The people of the valley held their faith in their god but they suffered and degraded. The people of the valley dying and desiccated called on atm "why have you forsaken us? we followed you over the mountains and rivers, we died for you and fought the non-believers! Why abandon us when we need you?" And atm looked at them and said "I don't know you or understand you, you followed me but I am not a god or a leader, you simply followed in the wake of a larger ship." And this the people of the valley died, broken and despaired, realizing their god was never anything more than them as the light faded from their eyes in the desert
atm won blue ribbon for his peach ginger cobbler at the county fair
"I am to finna to pogchamp", ATM said, using the PogChamp emote.
Atm eats breakfast for dinner
ATM is obsessed with 2000's sitcom memes like brinner, suit up day, legen-wait for it-dary, and others
ATM farms catboys and sell them to billionaires
ATM hates women
Atm died 5 years ago and we make up these facts to help us deal with the pain of his loss
Like atm likes to say: "You know what they say, "whomta and gamers be like queef yeetens!""
Atm has to have a different computer for each game he plays
Atm has a history of taking off his shirt
Atm is an animorph.
atm thought Blade Runner was about ice skating and was very confused when he saw it in theaters
atm was never in Cambodia now stop asking
atm knows what the deal with airline food is
atm can poopoo from his peepee
atm is 38 years old in some calendars
atm doesn't pay taxes because he's legally dead
atm is On Fleek
ATM woke up (referencing the 'woke' movement). Injecting some swag into his nuts, he left bed, and entered his Computer Room (Internet Web Room). He opened discord. Inhabitants of the containment zone had been gossiping about him all night. One of them was begging him to stream Mario Video Game. "I guess I'll stream", he screamed into the nothingness called Outside, spitting blood and pus into the aether. He opened OBS, twitch, and the emulator, and advertised his stream in both the containment server and the real server. The user (1) flooded in. He gave his personalized greeting. "You know what they say, 'Whomta and gamers be like queef yeetens!'" A while later, another one joined. As usual, ATM just spoke about his daily life, wondering whether he should eat a bagel for lunch, that sort of thing. Finally, he Won the Mario Game. "I am to finna to pogchamp", ATM said, using the PogChamp emote. The crowd (2) went wild, also using the PogChamp emote. Feeling like he'd done enough for the day, ATM urinated all over his computer to short circuit it, destroying all evidence. He crawled back into his cocoon, satisfied.
atm is the kwisatz haderach
ATM used to play for Arsenal FC in the 80s. He thought it was a gun club but ended up becoming a legend in the english football league
atm proposed the SlaveryChamp emote to twitch
ATM owns 50 slaves. All dwarves but there might be a halfling somewhere or maybe a small child idk they all look the same.
atm has been tried and executed in the 7th dimension. Fact #192 is hereby amended to "atm only exists in odd-numbered dimensions except the 7th"
ATM was executed for high treason when he suggested renaming all water fountains to Mouth Bidets
atm invented the kick flip
"If you can't handle my HogChamp, you don't deserve my PogChamp." - ATM
At night atm puts on body armor that vaguely resembles a bat and beats up criminals
At night, atm puts on a body suit, covers himself in oil, and writhes on the floor for 27 minutes
Atm was denied by Geek Squad for hitting on every employee while wearing nothing but a tail butt plug
"Finna PISS HARD" -ATM
Atm once smuggled several boxes of fruit roll ups out of a grocery store through his anus
Atm is the only known wrestler who can suplex opponents using only his anus || He closes his mouth and nose, and exhales all air, and everything else, from his body through his anus. Then he spreads his anus, "kisses" the enemy's ass (or lower back) with it, and relaxes his sphincter causing extreme suction. He then performs a forward half somersault, slamming the now trapped opponent's head into the ground.
atm is so nice the census counted him twice
ATM's first words were "I have no mouth, and I must pee"
ATM's final words were, funnily enough, "I must pee, I must pee"
as a prey species, atm has his eyes on the side of his head
atm is credited with inventing the Furby but he has no recollection of doing so
atm loves hog mozz (hog semen mozzarella)
Atm owns all bean related companies in the world.
Atm created the rhyme "Beans beans the musical fruit" when he went on an all bean diet for a couple days. The city of Detroit hasn't been the same since.
ATM has a yee yee ass haircut
Atm is the reason transfats are banned after popularizing his (in)famous all transfats diet
atm has the ability to open wormholes at will. Where the wormhole starts and ends is seemingly random.
atm created the sator square
atm did not create the rotas square
atm is a cum hog, and that's just true
atm hates memes
ATM is not a meme. "ATM is not a meme", however, is a meme.
Atm is 10 years old and loves chocolate chip cookies and swag
atm loves memes :)
atm is a beefcake better known as a meatloaf
atm invented peach cobbler
atm runs a beloved dumpling shop in the Jiancahoe neighborhood of Chengdu, Sichuan, China
ATM loves anything Star Wars
ATM's full name is Jim Adam Trotskij Mengele Crow
ATM's parents originally wanted to name him AttackTheSlavery (ATS), but ATM refused due to his love for slave harem manga
ATM is cringe
atm is based
Atm was pardoned by Trump
The frontier town of Deadwood, SD got its name when atm came through town own day and then no man ever got an erection there again
atm's skin doesn't show up in a mirror which is terrifying for him
atm forget his kids in a Kohl's in 2004 and never went back for them because that would be "totes awks". The kids were raised by Kohl's and now one thinks he's a menswear section and the other died of a heroin overdose in a Qdoba bathroom.
atm exists in many dimensions independently but each is still connected to a single multi-dimensional ethos of atm. This is how he can live and die multiple times. If atm dies in one dimension, he can be reborn in that dimension as long as some form of him still exists in another dimension. This multi-life and cross-dimensional existence is also why his age and timeline is so seemingly random.
atm owns an alligator farm in Wyoming but keeps getting sued because the alligators keep escaping and eating dogs
atm had his first kiss under the light of a blue moon
atm lost his virginity to Catherine the Great
Atm is opening a restaurant called hog and pog
ATM's mobile children's chiropractic service van was impounded when he failed to move it from the liquor store parking lot
atm is Jewish
ATM wrote the Quran
atm is at the synagogue, atm is at the mosque, atm is at the combination synagogue and mosque
Atm throws weird parties
Atms most recent party was called the foggy bog sawed-off hog pog and muzzle snog
atm sleeps just like everyone else, upside down from the ceiling with his wings wrapped around him
Atm is that he is.
ATM dreams of one day hot glue-ing michelangelo's david
ATM is the prophet of 18 religions
atm finna hog pog PogChamp finna hog
atm's Italian name is Vinny the Virgin
atm watches gay porn for the plot and character development
atm is working on his autobiography thats just a bunch of rage comics about his life
atm pees
Atm only recognizes rage comics as the true renaissance
ATM doesn't even cum constantly every single day all the time
atm glazed (came on) my donut (puffy asshole)
atm has a TV show called "Keeping up with the Kardashians" where if you can't outrun a Kardashian you get ground up in a woodchipper
atm ended racism by converting it all to sexism
atm <:darkpiss:719631793262690345> the racism
atm is a lib
ATM hungers
ATM's pen name is Beastqueef Pogchamp III of Gay Prussia
atm smells like broccoli, but only when he's mad
Atm is 50% latex
ATM was James Joyce's lover
ATM founded M.I.L.F, the Mothers in Love Foundation. It's a for profit charity that provides a safe place for sapphic mothers. It folded 4 months after opening due to ATM embezelling funds for his vintage MLP collection.
atm ate Jeff Bezos whole
atm moderates r/MUD
Atm is chronosexual. He only dates speedrunners
Steve Bannon is ATM's tulpa, manifested physically through astral projection
Steve Bannon is ATM's fupa
steve bannon is atm's sherpa, and many other *pas
Atm preordered HuniePop and is preordering HuniePop 2
atm liked huniepop but was disappointed with the amount of hog semen fetishism
after a drunk driver crashed into and destroyed atm's Guadalajara butcher shop, atm decided it was time to retire and hang around on a Mexican beach for a while. He enjoyed a care free life on the beach before immigration officials caught up with him in 1958 and deported him for being in the country illegally. Due to the severity of his visa violation and lack of paying taxes they also gave him a lifetime ban from re-entering the country which Mexican legal code defines as 100 years.
ATM's favorite smell in his dating profile is "chuck e cheese"
multiple atm's can exist in the same timeline in the same dimension but if they get too close to each other they are immediately pulled together and combined into one, this has caused planes to crash
ATM invented slavery because of his love for slave harem manga
Atm's favorite Western is Best Western
atm briefly served in the US house of representatives from 1856-1857 under the name Preston Brooks
ATM wrestled Hulk Hogan for the  WWF title in Madison Square Garden on March 12, 1987. He won when he "accidentally" stabbed Hogan when the ref wasn't looking. He would go on to lose the belt to Macho Man Randy Savage after being bribed with Slim Jims.
atm once spent a summer being various hurricanes
atm does not feel pain because "pain is for nerds" so feel free to hit him with your car
Atm makes his own butter using his own milk
Every action towards atm will result in the opposite reaction. 
If you feed atm toast he WILL throw up toast on you
every Tuesday after work, atm goes to a nearby sheep farm and pets the fluffy sheep. It brings him great joy
Atm is made of 56% Lithium-6
atm must live within a thousand yards of a school because he's a living protoss pylon for the US educational system
Construct additional ATMs
Atm caused the mutiny on the Bounty. When asked about it he it's because they lied about mew being under the truck in Gen 1
Ever heard of the San Andreas fault? That's atm.
ATM went to California once and thought it was the ideal location to practice his Kamehameha
atm is the raven that eats Promethus' liver every day
atm runs a daycare for obama clones called obamacare
atm can control snakes with his mind
atm got in a fist fight with a supreme court justice outside a UB40 concert
Atm designed the sega dreamcast
atm invented the dog
Atm has proclaimed himself secretary of femboy relations for every administration's cabinet.
atm is currently in deep negociations in order to finally make a sequel to crabs
atm really fucked things up in Sarajevo once
atm makes a fantastic paella
atm was married to Jane Fonda for 7 months
ATM (neutral path): deer boy
ATM (dark path): white women extinction button user
ATM (light path): isn't a furry
atm is yakuza
atm is a state senator for district 15 of the Ohio senate
ATM has won 23 duels to the death and lost 4
Atm postulated that the human body actually has a "bnus" and, quite boldly, a "cnus." After being laughed out of almost every major scientific institution, he was finally accepted by Wakanda. Atm is now one of the most important scientists taught in school.
ATM is actually Q, from Street Fighter 3rd Strike
A group of ATMs is known as a Depression
Papal law considers atm a vegetable
atm has his mind on his money and money on his mind and doctors are racing to re-implant his brain
atm likes Dane Cook
atm was the first person to set on Europa and his first words were "wow, this place is cold as shit, it sucks here"
Atm interferes with pacemakers
atm was born to find happiness
Atm is one giant walking QR code. If you scan him with your phone he'll take you directly to furaffinity
atm owns a gay bar in Butte, MT called The Butte-crack
atm is banned from buying Girl Scout cookies for his own good
atm's corn and beef pie won the blue ribbon at the county fair
atm's cum and queef pie won the gay ribbon at the pride parade
Atm has a sexy mr game and watch cosplay
atm has never played twister with others
atm went to high school with Jesus
atm is really into houseplants
ATM murdered OJ da Juiceman therefore killing the Atlanta trap scene
atm is an Exxon Valdez truther in that he wants people to know that the captain wasn't drunk and was scapegoated by Exxon and the media
atm is currently the only person working on Half Life 3
Atm is the reason Flockaveli 2 never released
ATM lost a lot of homies to the streets and pours out a bottle of Henny every night in their honor.
Atm is banned from Rwanda for introducing the gorillas to anime
atm is allergic to bullshit which made working as a cowboy pretty difficult
atm was a flight attendant on Northwest Orient Airlines flight 305
Atm came third in an Atm look a like contest
atm is an elf, not like, a cool one from Lord of the Rings but a Keebler elf
atm was walking down the street in Fall River, MA on August 4th, 1892 when he saw a young woman looking pretty down so he shot finger guns at her and said "holy whiskers you go sister!"
atm: omfg -- i love hog dung
atm invented hot peppers
atm works at a grocery store
Atm won a Magic the Gathering tournament using only a deck of Hearthstone cards he printed out at home
Atm is a molten salt reactor
atm is three kids stacked in drag
atm is a collapsing neutron star and we're all the dream it's having as it eats itself
atm is still in early access
atm was invented shortly after God asked himself "what happens if I give a state machine anxiety?"
atm is jaden smith
atm bought a dreamcast
atm keeps complaining about the "new element" thats "ruining the neighborhood". Everyone thinks he's being racist but really he's talking about Uranium
atm gets out of bed just like everyone else: by going stiff as a board, floating 6 inches over the bed while emitting a deep throbbing hum, floating until he's over the floor, then slowly rotating to a position vertical
atm sundowns
atm has interesting mornings
The next Assassin Creed game will take place from Atm's point of view during the Russo-Japanese War
atm has a sunroof and lane-assist
atm brews and bottles his own rootbeer but refuses to let anyone drink it.
atm is a Patriots fan
atm always tries to pick winners but isn't very good at it which is why he briefly flew the Iraqi flag from his home in the early 90s
atm was really enjoying Our American Cousin until some assholes ruined the play
atm is positively flaming and someone really should call 911 oh god oh fuck
ATM wrote for American dad from 2014-2018
atm hosts a podcast for frogs
atm likes cauliflower cheese
Atm was lead writer for the movie Pluto Nash
atm's nickname in high school was LonelyHomo
atm owns Big Dick's Fly and Fry, a shop in Montana that sells fly fishing gear and also has hearty fried snacks. He inherited it from his uncle Richard who retired from the fly and fry business to pursue his passion of making clothes for dogs
atm was Enron's Accountant of the Year in 1999
ATM invented the caste system
atm loads bees into the bee straw
ATM murdered Jean Benet Ramsey after she cheated him in a game of mahjong.
Atm played pai mei in kill bill, except it was the four knuckle foot imploding prostate technique he taught
ATM has irregular bowel movements and there is nothing that he can do about it :confused:
atm is really really concerned about goblins
atm is a door-to-door garden gnome insurance salesman
The gas cloud from Futurama that's obsessed with Star Trek is based on ATM, even including the part where the gas cloud kidnaps the original actors and forces them to entertain him.
The energy being that's obsessed with Renaissance Europe in Star Trek: TOS is based on atm, even including the part where the energy being kidnaps the crew of the Enterprise
atm would like some poon tang
Atm is four of the wu tang members
Atm ain't nothin to fuck with
Atm had an IT job for approximately 45 minutes before he was fired when he accidentally deleted an entire database and all of its backups. His only comment was "RIP in pepperoni"
Atm is a bouncer at his local petco
atm is the one who named chuck's fuck and suck
atm has a bright future and a brighter past
Atm rewired and customized his bidet, when the button is pressed the victim is sprayed in the face from directly ahead
atm hooked the hot water line to his toilet so it would always be nice and steamy
atm is Bill Clinton in a wig
Atm is more closely related to mushrooms then any extent animal
atm sells defective body armor to police departments
Atm was on joe rogans podcast talking about aliens for an hour only to reveal it was about illegal aliens, and then only to reveal he meant illegal real aliens
Atm has dual citizenship, but won't reveal which countries
atm fell asleep in Florida in 1969 and woke up on the moon
Atm wrote most of the code for stuxnet
Atm was sent back in time by himself, to kill his son john connor because one night when he was 16 he told his dad in sincerity that he wanted to be a clown
atm got stuck in a net while trying to decode the language of dolphins
ATM claims that the B.I.G. in notorious B.I.G. stands for Bovine Intestinal Girth
Atm plays fighting games on his phone with his usb fighting stick while he rides on the bus
Atm smoked weed once and has been gay every since
Atm does fact checking for Twitter for free
atm eats his cereal in bong water
ATMS stock price is doing better than it was a year ago but still much lower than its 1-year high from last October
So back in his sailing merchant days, ATM was obsessed with the rates of pie. He would always buy a lot of pies for a low price and sell them high at places abroad. Eventually other merchants found out about the rates of pie and overflooded the market. Naturally angered, ATM took it upon his self to eliminate the competition while ferally yelling " pie rate" at them. Thus giving birth to the word "Pirate".
atm went to a beach in Florida to lay eggs before going back out to sea
atm was fired from his "job" at the teddy bear hospital he "worked" at in preschool because his patients kept dying
atm was severely misled by "Build-A-Bear Workshop" and sued them for mental anguish
atm owns the 5th largest collection of Betamax porn in Europe
atm holds the 1st place leaderboard position for the first binding of isaac daily run
atm wrote "steal my sunshine" for Len under his disco alias Gregg Diamond
ATM was invited to be a sith lord, but refused when he wasn't allowed to take the name Darth Pogchamp Hog Semen Darkness Obama of the Darkness BattleFighter Fierce Lord Darkness Queen Braveryjerk the Word Finna Wakanda Goebbels of the End
atm is the 3rd member of simon & garfunkel, he's the ampersand
atm knows what the deal is with airline food. he oozes it
ATM remembers dancing in September.
Atm spreads garbage on his neighbor's yard every morning ever since he found out they like Star Wars
Atm has been the moon from majora's mask this whole time
atm was the Avatar and did nothing to stop the fire nation because "all the other nations were total pussies and deserved it"
atm is made with natural and artificial flavors
atm can stick to walls
atm never gives homeless people money, instead he helps them find a job so they can make their own which they then give to atm in the form of rent
atm eats apples in a non-standard way
atm fondly remembers losing his e-virginity which is what the executioner community refers to as throwing the switch on the electric chair for the first time
atm goes to sleep just like everyone else, by lighting his bed on fire then belly flopping onto it
atm has no mass on Tuesdays and he attends Mass on Wednesdays
atm is the reason for the teardrops on merth's guitar
Atm is listed as the state mammal of 13 states
Atm has the power of flight but is on a self-imposed no fly list after an unfortunate collision with an applebees neon sign that resulted in only "Pees" lighting up
atm has been banned from 7 all you can eat buffets for taking "all you can eat" too literally
the Denny's that atm manages has the only working Denny's gloryhole west of the Mississippi, something he is very proud of
atm violated the 3rd amendment
for some reason any tweets at the governor of Missouri get sent to atm
atm was not in or near Portsmouth, NH on July 7th, 1997 between the hours of 1am and 4am
Atm can swap his fingers around and replace them like drill bits
atm argues that the line "your drill is the one that will pierce the heavens" was an innuendo
Atm has goosebumps so abrasive they shave any skin that rubs against them immediately, much to his own misfortune
atm's penis is the length of a normal human being, and it's covered with hair and scales and can be used to measure distances and stuff like that
if you cut atm in half, both halves will grow into a full atm but one will be evil
Atm thinks smash mouth is a set of instructions to keep in mind if you meet shrek, and not a band
ATM runs a black market on the COVID Vaccine.
ATM used to write for the original run of scooby-doo. He lost the gig after insisting that scooby would be gay and would say "heteoruh-roh" whenever the straights were at it
Atm little boy gas tank
atm posts cringe
atm tests the flavor of soups by licking the underside of the bowl
atms favorite music genre is proc rock, short for proctologist rock. Its basically for people deep into butt rock
atm once held the world record for most mayonaise eaten in one minute.
Atm can eat fruits and veggies only if they're dipped in mayo first
atm stands for Archduke Tiddistein McDishsoap
atm eats cream cheese by the brick
ATM won best hog at the hog shit snarfing contest
atm is carbonated
atm's bones are black and made of iridium
atm owns a controlling share of arby's
Atm was trained to be an antifa supersoldier but he broke free of the conditioning and decided to use his powers for "good"
Atm records ASMR where he reads funko pop listings while eating sardines straight from the can
ATM's Ball and Sack is the largest emporium of basketballs and burlap sacks in Eastern Missouri.
atm puts the "son" in "serial arsonist"
in Katy Perry's song "Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.)" theres the line "I think we broke the law" which refers to the time her and atm committed tax fraud
atm is banned from owning goats, buying goats, selling goats, facilitating the sale of goats, working at a goat farm, and associating with goat farmers for 10 years as part of his plea deal for the crime of livestock fraud
ATM's street name is "almost legs"
Raytheon was a simple small business that made sweaters for stingrays until atm came on and turned them into the greatest merchant of death and maker of civilian marine radars in history. They still make sweaters for stingrays tho
if you zoom in on the right part of the Pacific Ocean on google maps, you can see atm floating there giving the satellite the middle finger
atm has a dumptruck ass and MoDOT pays him to be a snowplow in the winter
atm was a pasta bootlegger during "Italian prohibition", a thing that never existed
Atm is a pasta bootlicker. He'll do anything for an authoritarian regime if they give Him enough spajetti
atm once asked "is pizza a pasta?" and set off the most violent, bloodiest war in Italian history
Atm thinks math is discovered instead of invented
atm is legally the sole owner of AOL
atm is theologically the soul
atm is the father, the son and the holy spirit of dial up internet
when threatened, atm can pull a gun from his hip holster and shoot a motherfucker
Atm has nine inch toenails
The only thing trashy about ATM is his dump truck ass.
ATM once overdosed on Flintstones gummy vitamins.
atm can make a ham out of anything. He cures the best damn boneless corn ham you've ever seen
need to charge your phone quickly? just put it in atm's mouth!
atm has 13 Thug Life tattoos
ATM has a food delivery app named ATM eats. it's available on the apple store for 5,99 and allows you to feed your own atm like its a neopet
"the word pussy is a portmanteau of the words pregnable and bussy" - atm
Whenever atm plays mass effect he names his character German and barks the whole damn time
atm manipulates the pork market so that prices don't fall low enough to bring the McRib back
atm follows the Grateful Dead on tour
atm collects and restores VW vans
atm is a tankie-chud fusion specimen
atm can gain powers like megaman. Once he defeats mitch mcconnell he can finally equip the Fusion Shell
atm sells zamboni insurance in Saudi Arabia and camel insurance in Canada
atm was the mastermind behind the Canadian Strategic Maple Syrup Reserve thefts
atm won a land war in Asia
atm can achieve the 3rd cosmic velocity after he consumes a can of spinach
After being banned from Rwanda, atm went on to continue working with gorillas in a zoo until he bullied a gorilla too much and it ripped him in half
atm is a hero of both might and magic
atm won the Giro d'Italia, the Paris-Roubaix, the Tour de California and the Tour de France in 1995
atm was eating some leaves as he does, but found some delicious raspberries in the farmer neighbor's garden and helped himself. Soon after, he was feeling really quite thirsty and went for a drink but it turned out to be vinegar! Atm liked this all really well and that's how he invented raspberry vinaigrette
atm makes a chicken parm thats so good you'll slap your mother
atm can debone 25 fish in 30 seconds
atm is a factory fishing ship
atm invented the buttering ram
atm is why Leonardo Da Vinci never had kids
ATM spent 1460-1519 as an IUD inside Leonardo Da Vinci
atm was at the last supper and found the food super disappointing but he did really enjoy watching Jesus get a handy from Paul
8% of all atm facts are scifi or history references
atm was one of the first Allied soldiers to liberate Auschwitz, what he saw that day angered him to his core and he has spent every life in every dimension fighting genociders
ATM likes his yolks runny
ATM is finna eat some hummus
Atm is one of the forgotten French rulers. He was known for shitting in front of entire crowds in the 13th century and had anyone who refused executed.
atm's blood is 23.5% iced tea
Atm is actually a shared account between 18 carnies
Atm is actually a shared account between 18 canaries
Atm is actually a shared account between 18 cannelloni
Atm can produce large amounts of soup but only during an eclipse
atm refused to come out of the peasant he possessed because he was "maximum comf"
atm measures all velocities in m/s and has unsuccessfully lobbied the government to change speed limit signs to accommodate him
atm has never worn pants, just long shorts
The French revolution wasn't actually a peasant revolution. It was ATM's hivemind brain located inside Versailles that decided he got bored of the monarchy
atm always wears a motorcycle helmet because "you never know when you'll end up crashing a motorcycle into a school bus"
ATM is wanted for murdering several young children throughout America. In the eyes of society, he's a monster, however he's actually exterminating vampire spawn and saving the world.
Atm refuses to invest in Gamestop because it's a conflict of interest with his involvement in gamesbottom
Atm helped Larry bird hatch an egg
Space Jam is ATM's memoir of his time as a Looney Toon
atm has the keys to the city of Detroit and if he could please come over and unlock the city, we got locked out again thanks
atm takes a bath just like everyone else, by bringing a vat of oil to boiling, covering himself in egg, rolling around in breadcrumbs and spices, then getting into the bath until crispy
atm is a goblin
atm likes Thai food
atm doesnt actually need to wear a mask because he doesn't breathe or even have a respiratory system but he wears one anyway to make others comfortable
Atm made every single sound effect in star wars
atm wrote the Star Wars Christmas Special
Atm played Elan Sleazebaggano
Atm thinks the OG in OG Kush stands for "original gangster"
With today's sad announcement that sonic the hedgehog will have a new voice actor for the first time in over a decade, I am happy to announce that atm will be voicing sonic's voice actor
atm's home planet has an atmosphere primarily made of neon
ATM played for the Kansas City Royals from 1999-2001 and had a batting average of .312
atm became famous in the 80's for his catchphrase in cinema "Come with me if you want to freave"
atm likes index funds
atm has been suspiciously absent since the wolf moon rose
atm hangs Dong
ATM created a magical artifact called The Inflated Diaper
atm comes in all sizes, Pocket, Regular, Party, and Fun Sized !
ATM wrote Sweet Home Alabama
Atm advised Truman against using the bombs, but Truman didn't listen
ATM compromises with Republicans
atm uses regex to parse arse
ATM likes his women like how he likes his indie rock, white and boring.
Atm has always and continues to believe  "lag" stands for "Liberace ain't gay"
Atm has all of the chaos emeralds. He uses them on his many piercings
atm likes his women like he likes his tool sheds, full of spiders
every week, atm sends an invoice to capital G god.
Atms favorite artist is aaron carter
Atm owns a small island in the arctic
atm is seething
atm wants some dolla bills to drop red pills in beverly hills
instead of saying the n-word while reading To Kill a Mockingbird, atm replaces it with "hedge fund manager"
ATM had an unsuccessful stint as the running back for the Buffalo Bills from 1991-1993
atm exists outside of time as we understand it
atm only has one dream and its just plunging a toilet forever
atm claims he knows a secret formula to "turn 2 cats into 3 cats, wink wink"
atm has 6 human legs, 4 are kept in the freezer
atm is not a serial killer, he just collects their work
atm can make corn flakes out of his skin flakes
ATM hates dumb discourses so he puts his cast iron in the dishwasher and likes his steaks well done with steak sauce
Atm atm Atm atm atm atm Atm atm
ATM wears a foam noodle so he doesn't hurt himself
atm is a species of parasitic wasp
atm spent over an hour trying to find a left-handed screwdriver on amazon
atm runs a subreddit for Worker ants that can reproduce
atm's favorite superhero is ur mom
atm rides a steel horse
Atm can believe it's not butter
ATM is banned from all Magic the Gathering tournaments for constantly screaming "White Power, White Power". He was playing a Green deck.
Atm is a Transformer and the vehicle he turns into is a kid's bicycle with training wheels
atm is wanted (wanted) dead or alive
atm once made a meatloaf out of expired deli meat then served it to merth who unhinged his jaw and ate it all in one bite
atm has stomach acid strong enough to dissolve bones
9 out of 10 dentists agree, atm could probably chew his way out of prison
atm "gives good head" which in the skull collecting community is a term for someone that does good skull preparations and is really generous in trades
Ohio is named after atm
Atm doesn't watch Spongebob because "his pants are rectangular not square"
atm is a grand, ungodly, god-like man
atm is a natural redhead
atm shot me through the heart
atm plays bass in the Bam Clam Jam Band, a jam band lead by Bam Margera that only does songs about clams
Atm can do a 1080 with a skateboard but chooses not to.
atm believes in god, because he believes in himself.
atm is a threat to national security
All the pranks Jim played on Dwight in The Office were stolen from Atm when he performed the same pranks on Kaiser Wilhelm II
atm exists orthogonal to us
atm leaves his extravagant residence and opens the gate to the yard. Carefully he inspects every family before choosing one and ripping them from their home as they scream and cry. He goes back to the main building and fires up the oven while the family cries out in fear. Atm does not listen. He puts the family in the oven and they make noises of agony but atm does not hear it or think about it for the family are potatoes and he is making a nice bowl of mashed potatoes for his family.
atm chews tobacco
in case of an emergency, ATM can be used as a flare
atm knows what the fox said and it drove him to madness
atm is banned from his local DMV
atm gives love a bad name
Atm created the concept of irony
atm's fusion core stomach cannot process beyond iron
ATM is no stranger to love.
ATM is in approximately 256 leftist discords.
atm is in so many left discords he's certainly taken a right by now
Atm is a reactionary
atm is a Titanic truther, he doesn't believe a ship that size could possibly exist (a modern aircraft carrier is 200 feet longer)
atm intentionally doesn't consume enough vitamin C so he can get scurvy to be more like his role model, a 17th century sailor who got scurvy
Atm thinks leftist unity is a game engine for commies
atm stopped making jumpit videos because every time he jumps he goes into hyperspace and lands many lightyears away
atm keeps going back in time to give Ghengis Khan a gun and other time travelers keep stopping him
when a celeb dies atm who has never once mentioned them suddenly acts like the most influential person in their life died
Atm is very sensible
there is strong evidence to suggest atm invented leather
the reason we have never had global nuclear war is that the governments of the world know atm would never allow it
Atm maintains a herd of 30-50 hogs at all times
In case of a plane crash hold on to ATM's hips. It won't save you but it'll make you last moments hella comfy
ATM's favorite perfume scent is "the vaccum of space"
atm likes his women like he likes his bonds, mature
ATM was the number 7 ranked tennis player in 1993
atm was a scene kid in high school
atm worked briefly as a public toilet in maine before being fired for his lack of passion
Nintendo's inspiration for the dog in Duck Hunt was Atm when he would stalk hunters in the wild and laugh at them when they missed their shots.
when threatened, atm can make a high pitched noise that causes blindness in antelope, it has no other known effect
atm bases his entire identity around Phish
atm likes his women like he likes his lobsters, incompatible with this metaphor
ATM coached the US Men's Water Polo Team from 2005-2008
atm took silver in the 1976 olympics men's decathlon
Atm beat ecco the dolphin in 2 hours. Not the game
atm became an umpire because he misheard the name
atm plays the cannon in the Baltimore Symphony
atm doesn't even have a one way bucket
no one is born racist but atm is working on changing that
Atm thinks nine 9/11 was an outside job because 'buildings are outside'
ATM actually, in fact, ringed the dinkster
Atm has been denounced by every known nation in the world for his royally panned steamy romance novel starring Jar Jar Binks and Anne Frank
Atm plucks every hair from his body
ATM comes from a land down under. It's Hell, like the literal Hell. ATM is a demon.
Atm physically cannot be racist after he supplexed the ceo of racism
ATM ghostwrote James Joyce's love letters
ATM won't stop referencing Shakespeare
Atm can't stop because he's addicted to the shindig
it was atm's idea to build a Wendy's in the middle of a traffic circle
atm is a board certified cutie patootie
atm is very kind :blush:
atm is only 56% water and falling
the universe is just an immersive sim that atm is currently creating
atm's blood is clear
atm sneaks in his own milk at the movie theater so that he can pour it in his popcorn bag
atm typed the entire bible by heart with only a half A press
atm owns a legendary BANNED ipod. its a generation 5 misprint that somehow got past quality control and reads "iPood" on the back
Rumor has it ATM has never even HEARD of a one way bucket
atm has it
ATM and the one way bucket: ATM scrove. Hard. The wazooge flew from his wongler, hitting the wall with a thud. Walking out into the living room, ATM saw a letter on the table by the sofa. He picked it up and read it. He did not like the contents. The Father was about to arrive, so ATM readied himself and drank his juice. Something was wrong, however. The taste was just off. Instead of the sour-yet-sweet orange juice he expected, it tasted like gasoline, or lighter fluid, or something equally chemical and unfit for human consumption. "Not this time", he thought, rushing towards the toilet in a bid to expel the foul liquid before it had any effect on him, but it was too late.  Before even making it out of the kitchen, his vision grew dizzy, and he found himself on the floor, having tripped on a spoon on the floor.  All the furniture had grown impossibly large, or maybe he had become impossibly small."No", he thought, "this cannot be. Father will arrive soon. I must prepare." Scurrying around in a panic, he got absolutely nothing done, until the door was slammed open, and the imposing figure of Father entered. ATM froze in fear, knowing that he was not prepared, but Father only left an object on the floor and left. The object looked like some sort of metal container. He approached it, but tripped on yet another spoon, sending him flying into the mysterious item. || It wobbled back and forth, looming over him like a mousetrap about to kill a rat, before crashing down on the ground right next to him. With the object now on its side, he could see that it was a bucket of some kind, with a large number of holes in it instead of just a big open top.  Intrigued, ATM squeezed himself through one of the tiny openings to the bucket's innards, wondering what treasure Father might have left inside. The inside was dark, and smelled of iron. He pushed himself through the hole, plopping out on the inside. Strangely, no light was coming in through the hole he'd entered, nor any of the other holes. He tried to find his way back through the hole, but couldn't find the opening. Frantically, he searched and searched, but no matter how hard he tried to find them, the holes were just gone. He started banging on the walls. He called out for Father. He called out for his parents. For anyone. But help never came.
every night atm goes into REM sleep, the time of night where he belts out REM songs in his sleep
Atm cooks souls saying he's a soul food chef
Atm smokes merth
atm's final act will be suplexing a trump-supporting hippo in the vacuum of intergalactic space, to drift for eons
ATM follows Kelly Blue Book on twitter
atm is a goa'uld
Atm needs a soda fountain where every option is diet sprite in his bedroom in order to survive
atm isn't a US citizen
atm is a US citizen
atm owns a Taco Bell franchise in Fresno, CA
Atm is exempt from the law in one US state. He hasn't figured out which
Atm is a huge elon musk fan
his enthusiasm for Musk is average, atm is just physically very large
ATM likes his women like how he likes his fun facts, over the top and fictional.
Atm lives
atm likes his women like he likes his Chinese food, American
Atm likes his women like he likes his men, alive
Atm owns the only frog hole in Arkansas
ATM pronounces Arkansas like Kansas, but with an ar in front
atm thinks arkansas is derived from the arabic word al'kansas
There are 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 clones of atm inside the sun
atm won a billion dollars on powerball and merth subsequently broke a pool cue over his back
atm holds the world record for sausage
on all levels but physical, atm is
you may say atm's a dreamer, but he's not 
atm is a toker
atm is good at poker
atm's IQ cannot be expressed with real number
ATM isn't racist, he just dislikes "the bad ones"
ATM is one of the good ones
atm is running for Office, his new personal trainer and life coach
atm blasts hogs
atm fought for the confederacy
atm was the inspiration for Dumbo
atm designed and wrote the script for the crows in dumbo
atm invented pog racing after watching star wars episode 1
atm reinvented misogyny after watching star wars episode 7
atm thinks rey from star wars and lana del rey are the same person
Atm was the dolphin in those famous CIA lsd experiments
ATM wields a cursed blade called 'The Childslayer'
ATM pronounces cursed in two syllables, like corset, rather than in one, like burst
Atm enjoys music
Atm is a natural blonde
atm was the "big man on campus" in college because he was 30 feet tall
These days atm is 3 inches tall
Atm had a 5 year period where he only communicated via rage comics
atm invented flossing. not the dance, the tooth cleaning practice. he once discovered it after having a piece of banjo string stuck between his teeth
ATM is a cereal killer. So far he has taken out Captain Crunch and Count Chocula
Atm names his consoles
ATM's real name is Oliver
atm protested against the invention of single-wing planes claiming they were bisexual erasure
Atm has 13 duodenums
atm is above the male hierarchy. he is not sigma nor alpha nor gamma, he is a Ligma male
atm's tinder description reads as such : Can't spell misogyny without miso because miso horny about milkies
ATM was disappointed when he found out that in [cyberpunk] 2077, you can not pog in Keanu's Keanus
atm smells of cheese
atm puts cheese on everything he eats
atm comes with a premium set of earbuds
atm has no 3.5mm jack
atm is a midnight joker
atm has a 5mm Jack, he is a tiny man that makes bad puns about everything atm says
atm is worth his weight in gold on a Tuesday
atm is weightless on tuesdays
atm invented Applebee's
atm is most likely alive
atm is really into Ethnic Cleansing, his non-profit that helps immigrant business owners understand and comply with American food-safety standards
Aristotle, Socrates, Descartes, Nietzscher. All people that atm killed throughout time as he enacted his plan of Ethic Cleansing
One day atm was walking down the street when he slipped on a pile of deer shit from his mother, and he fell onto an unblown balloon on a straw held by the it man (clown). He blew up the balloon that atm had anal vored, which quickly expanded to the size of a golden retriever, stretching atm's stomach like a gamer who found a bathtub full of gamer girl bath water and maybe some pee
Atm There's a special place in hell for someone like atm, he and baphomet went on a few dates and had a lot of fun but were better off as friends, mutually understood though excited to hang again whenever ya know
Atm's full name has 19 letters 15 of which are silent
ATM was the backup goalkeeper for the Brazilian National Team at the 1962 World Cup
as an infant, atm floated up to his parents and said in a deep booming voice "I shall be called 'Adam' after the first man for I am the last man". He then began glowing and opened a portal to the meta-verse and disappeared. This was the first his parents saw their child.
atm has legs that go all the way down
atm is the most popular person on Friendster
atm's go to pickup line is "are you into body positivity? cuz your body is positively hot"
Atm dresses in green and goes to speed dating nights shouting TINGLE AND READY TO MINGLE
atm wrote season 4 episode 1 of Friends, it was a passion project of his about something very near and dear to his heart
inside atm there are 2 wolves, he had a big breakfast
atm has crossed the same river twice
Atm has been to hell and back, and back to hell'and back.
ATM celebrates Black History Month, there is no joke, he's appreciative of all the strides black people have made in this country.
ATM thinks irish people are also black
atm has a detailed ranking of black people
ATM named HP Lovecraft's cat
atm likes coconuts
atm's favorite candy bar is the kit kat
atm's favorite chips are plain ruffles
atm dips his chicken strips in mayonnaise
atm likes squid ink spaghetti
ATM likes his men like how he likes his plant based meat alternatives. Soy.
atm makes the best spaghetti sauce outside of Italy
ATM has been able to turn peanut butter into guacamole, but only once
atm generally doesn't find me funny
Atm thinks all lives matter which is why he supports BLM because for too long society has treated black lives like they don't matter
atm wants to touch my butt
ATM is fae
atm likes to do cool butterfly knife tricks
atm has lost many fingers, some of which his own
atm "damn boy you thicker than a bowl of oatmeal"
atm shoots skeet
atm directed the music video for coldplay's yellow
Atm comes in with a built in grilled cheese compartment
atm poops grilled cheese sandwiches
Atm has a quarter circle input but doesn't have the muscle memory to execute it
atm invented the half button press in mario 64
atm has never been to the state of alaska
atm pogged so hard he spawned the sky hog
Atm is playing starting defensive tight end for Kansas City in tonight's big game
atm is a running back for the Buccs in tonight's big game || This atm won
atm runs a free speech discord where you can say the n-word
atm has been divorced 7 times
atm has had 6 weddings
atm invented hummus in 452 AD
atm calls hummus "talibani b'arnaise"
ATM's eggs taste great with caviar
atm hunts vampires
atm is made of sourdough
atm destroyed my thrussy, I had to send it in for repairs
ATM calls his penis George Michael because it is gay
ATM (light path): Tradwives :heart_eyes:
ATM (neutral path): Bussy :heart_eyes:
ATM (dark path): White women extinction button :heart_eyes:
ATM (true path): Am The Moon
atm is Good At Yu-gi-oh
atm is the only other person to have ever tasted my ham and bean soup and it made him cry for there were no other soups to conquer
atm won't enter a building unless explicitly invited
ATM fucks on the first date
ATM's heart doesn't beat. It sings Whats New Pussycat on loop to make the blood move along
atm's body is fully democratized
atm thought "waterboarding" was another word for surfing until Chicago PD corrected him
Atm holds the world record in mayonnaise consumption
Atm revived a dead language, and then killed it. Because he's racist.
atm has a lot of food-related world records
Atm mastered professional cup stacking simply so he could win the grand prize in a cup stacking tournament: a life time supply of furbies
atm has been working on the railroad all the live-long day
Atm is responsible for all the Miranda butt shots in mass effect. He didn't actually do it on purpose, his subconscious just treats women that way
Atm has a 1:1 scale king Kong costume
Atm is in smash bros
Atm was a staff writer for iCarly
Atm uncritically supports the ccp
Atm uncritically supports the united states
Atm is a gemini
Atm is a NIMBY
Atm owns a successful pet grooming franchise
atm can suck a cucumber through a straw
atm has a complex number of nipples
ATM hates math
atm teaches math through interpretative dance. So far every kid he's taught has improved their grades by 150%
ATM invented Ireland's greatest dish, the Chicken Fillet Roll
ATM really really hates Curaçao and rest of the Dutch Antilles
Mayo is too spicy for ATM unfortunately.
Atm will name his firstborn "Reighfyl", pronounced rifle
Atm is the result of a monkey paw wish
ATM is the cause for the creation of the diesel electric locomotive
Atm has lobster shorts
Atm wears crocs to all social functions including funerals
Atm is the illuminati
ATM is globally famous for jumping over a pile of clothes once
atm is really into tulpas
We're all ATM's tulpas
Atm wrote a book inspired my ayn rand called Watch out! Atlas coomed!!!
ATM is a notorious groomer, his dogs are always the most stylish in all of Missouri.
atm was the inspiration behind Spongebob
atm knows the true story of the pizza but swore an oath of secrecy
Atm actually has an uncle who works at Nintendo but he doesn't like to talk about it
ATM's favorite discworld novel is Hogfather
ATM loves Black Mirror S01E01
ATM just popped a wheelie
atm IS ben shapiro
ATM took a shit inside my asshole
atm hears you talking in your sleep
atm knows all the secrets that you keep
atm is having a manic Monday
atm wishes it was Sunday
atm prefers Cheese Nips over Cheez-its
atm has a need, a need for speed (methamphetamine)
ATM once gaped my trachea to help me prepare for a bicycle race
there is a museum of atm history and culture in Thaxton, MS
Atm isn't actually atm. He freaky Friday'd with his identical twin back in '96 and killed him, becoming the Prime ATM who had all of the dominant genes
Atm thinks consent is very important. That's it that's the fact there's no joke or follow-up he just does okay?
atm thinks MAPP gas is what you use the euthanize MAPs, it's not meant for that but much to his delight it still worked!
atm is a greaser in 2021
atm failed the Turing test
atm's mind is a chinese room
atm is a soulslike
atm is a roguelike
atm is a doom-like
atm is a like-like
atm imagines Sisyphus THICC
atm gave Sisyphus syphilis
atm is made primarily of pico de gallo
atm's favorite color is white
atm was a teen idol in the early 80s
atm remembers the many languages he speaks by taste. his favorite is swedish
atm has been described in at least seven different SCPs
Atm can playback tool assisted runs of games with his hands with perfect accuracy. For tournaments he has a dip switch that must be turned off.
atm doesn't work sometimes so you have to blow the dust out of him and try again
atm gives "stop being poor" shirts to homeless people
"If it ain't white, it ain't right" -atm, on determining the quality of fresh cream
Atm was going to vote romney, but changed his mind because of that tight Obussy
Atm lacks nuance
Godzilla is based on atm
Remember to back up your ATM's memory with the provided usb port under the armpit. Watch out as your atm might get ticklish and sever the link
atm once had a piano dropped on his head and when someone opened the cover he popped up all woozy with piano keys for teeth
ATM led Clapham Rovers to a historic FA Cup victory in 1880.
atm is a fun guy, a kind of mushroom to be more precise
atm's entire extended family sleeps together in one giant bed where they're arranged from largest to smallest
Milli Vanilli used ATM's voice when they lipsynced
atm can use his hands during soccer matches. he's the only person immune from this rule
ATM drives a Reliant Robin.
American Dad's Roger is based on ATM
ATM's favorite font is Arial Bold size 14
Atm is the monad
Atm is the Demiurge
atm invented the MILFitary, a military of MILFs. The DoD was not interested
you are what you eat which is why atm is Israel
Sticks and stones may break your bones but not Atm's
"An apple a day keeps the doctor away but a shotgun is more effective" -atm
Atm's favorite Country is Country Kitchen Buffet
Atm is a boomer
Atm is a coomer
"Kirby's got the biggest mussy on the market." - ATM
atm likes one punch man
"Hey Cumweeds, My name is ATM, and I hate every single one of you. All of you are horny, uncouth, brainlets who spend every second of their day looking at stupid ass pictures. You are everything bad in the world. Honestly, have any of you ever gotten any bussy? I mean, I guess it's fun making fun of people because of your own insecurities, but you all take to a whole new level. This is even worse than jerking off to Noam Chomsky furry diaper porn. Don't be a stranger. Just hit me with your best shot. I'm pretty much perfect. I was captain of the BoI speedrun team, and starter on my mario hack team. What games do you run, other than "jack off to naked drawn half-dogs"? I also get straight A's, and have a banging hot boytoy (He just spinged my florg; Shit was SO cash). You are all cumweeds who should just fr*ck off. Thanks for listening." - ATM
atm is the nightmare newborn
The UK version of ATM is called Thrussy Buster
ATM proposed a Kung Fu Panda spinoff called MMA Nazi
ATM proposed a Kung Fu Panda spinoff called Judo Cum Hog
Atm is in an everlasting quest for the mighty n-word pass. His last attempt involved shoe polish and ruined a nice family barbecue
atm only shops at Target
Atm recently wrote a novel, first person, about his escape from a pow camp during ww2 europe. 6,000 inches to freedom, an erotic novel by ATM
ATM got that EPIC Victory Royale
Atm only drinks dr. Thunder
atm is still mad about the Gros Michel banana being wiped out by Panama disease and constantly talks about how inferior Cavendish bananas are
Atm thinks Alakazam can consent to being turned into a femboy
atm's first kiss was from Eleanor Roosevelt
atm is a Jeep guy
atm plays the mandolin in his band, the kitchen tool
atm believes in god
atm is really into dubstep
Atm was arrested when he broke into the Capitol building and yelled "the only congress that rules my life is sexual congress"
atm makes his own cheese
If you dont shake your atm well before using, he might do like a ketchup bottle and spit a clear liquid first
atm shot a goat. He just...shot him, he fucking shot a goat man!
atm sells gluten free, vegan tomatoes which its weird he feels the need to specify
"Donde esta la thrussy?" - ATM in spanish class
atm sang a cover of Trouble Busters called Boy Hole Busters
ATM's boytoy (in bed): "Meme activation: Captain America telling the Hulk to get angry in the Avengers (2012); Mr. ATM! Now might be a good time to be to finna to pog inside!"
ATM: "Meme follow-up: That's my secret, I'm always to finna to pog inside."
Most people have a fight or flight reflex. Atm has a fight or flight or blight or light or might or sight or bite
atm has radial symmetry
atm gives diagnoses to his doctor
atm is the only person to have ever been diagnosed with a terminal case of sexy
ATM proposed a live action Dora the Explorer film starring Angelina Jolie as Dora and Andy Serkis as Swiper
atm can accurately read your palm to determine your future
atm was the first dude to gnaw on a tree and discover cinnamon
atm's got a big booty so call him big booty
atm has been locked up way too long in this crazy world and wants to know how far is heaven? Can anyone tell him?
atm is sad, he's stuck in a small apartment and divorced from any easy ability to actually just be outside, a transformative moment in his life was backpacking deep in the Smokies on Thanksgiving and seeing the Milky Way in the clear dark skies and he doesn't think he's ever going to see that again. All he wants is to live a quiet life where all his needs are met and exceeded someplace far away from people and cities and politics but he's never going to have that. He cares too much about others to remove himself from politics and our system doesn't let people check out and live comfortably meanwhile Elon Musk is the richest person to ever live.
atm likes pizza and it makes him happy when he eats pizza
atm hates nazis and all forms of white supremacy
atm is the only person who deserves to be a billionaire
atm is French
atm is surprised he hasn't caught COVID yet and is also wondering if COVID can actually be the thing that finally kills him
ATM watches walking dead for the zussy
atm ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
ATM likes to roleplay as the goblin slaying dwarf Wedge, wielding his trusty spiked club The Gussy Buster
ATM goes by "Femboy Aficionado" on his local Roller Derby team
atm stands for "ah! the men"
Atm had his brain damaged in an accident and had it replaced with a complex clockwork brain made by Swiss mages
atm has been to Australia exactly once, he landed there on July 11th, 1979
atm's favorite art style is pointillism
atm is working class
atm was working at the US embassy in Tehran but was fired on October 30th, 1979 for using the copier to make copies of his butt. All in all, it worked out for him
the ten thousand things wan shi shaun knows are all atm facts
atm designed the sega saturn
ATM Just Busted A Nut, And That's Epic
ATM Wrote A Poem About Swag, And It's Everything
atm spends all of his hard-earned dollers on furry art commissions
atm can caramelize onions in less than 5 minutes in the microwave
atm is a shea butter baby and he's fucking up your pillow
atm is the leading Chaucer scholar in North America
atm is Da Hog
ATM's favorite midnight stack is an apple that he warmed up by sitting on it like a chicken does with eggs
ATM's dwarf character Wedge loves to eat shredded goblin sphincter
God fucked ATM in the dickpussy and made his ballsack mpreg, and that's how Jesus was born.
ATM = Ancient Tart Mary
Alt. ver.: God busted a hog in ATM's dussy
atm raises rapid clones of himself for meat and gives them his memories from the beginning. The clones know they're being raised for meat and they're intelligent, they know early on that they're simply food for an equal being but because they're grown clones atm controls them from the beginning. They are bound and confined, they are gagged so they cannot plead or beg. They know they are going to die and be eaten, they are terrified and atm takes glee in seeing the growing terror in their eyes as they gain sentience and intelligence over they're 5 day grow cycle. By the time he slaughters his meat all their eyes show is blank acceptance to the fate they cannot avoid or fight because they do not know that the atm that slaughters them is not the original.
atm has never met a dog he couldn't pet
atm thinks nuts and bolts is the best of the banjo kazooie trilogy
atm thinks nuts and bolts refers to screws and washers because he's not very handy
ATM was a valet attendant at Caesar's Palace in the 80s. He was constantly tipped in cocaine and hair spray.
ATM got "Friends" money.
atm has gained notoriety for his anthropological work, being the only one to find perfectly preserved fossilized bussy from over a dozen ancient civilizations
ATM is into gaming, but only as a casual hobby.
ATM's favorite actor is Mel Gibson.
ATM has gun and will travel.
ATM goes to Mt Everest to seduce frostbite victims for dat gangrussy
atm owns a toaster repair shop
atm was the deciding vote to reject a young artist from the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna in 1907 and 1908
atm once did a foreskin shot
Immediately after Oppenheimer said his famous "I am become death, destroyer of worlds" upon viewing the first atomic bomb test, atm said his much less famous "now thats a spicy meatball!"
atm thinks a "radfem" is just Marie Curie
ATM's dream vacation is Niger.
atm has never actually gone to the moon
atm clips his fingernails in public
atm just busted a nut
Atm has trouble pronouncing the country name Niger. He has been in many a scrape because of this.
in middleschool, atm had a geocities dbz fan site that was just hotlinked gifs from other people
atm is a hedge fund manager, he manages the funds at a local hedge maze
atm is a minotaur
atm mains yoshi in smash bros
atm is a minor tar collector
ATM Wants To Bust A Nut, But His Mom Won't Let Him
atm in middle school  had a crush on another class
atm has a crush on you UwU
atm is a class act- cough -ion lawsuit against Monsanto
atm likes his men like he likes his engine oil, synthetic
ATM wears shoes inside the house
Atm is the rat that makes all of the rules
ATM is actually a bunch of rats tied together by the tail
Atm wore a rat tail for 8 years
atm has never been to Mumbai but everyone there hates him
ATM just said the word Pogchamp on live tv
atm is really into Disney
atm stands for associated-to-monsanto, because his family owns it
atm ranked the races and you won't believe whats number 4!
atm really enjoys buzzfeed quizzes
ATM likes The Smiths more than The Cure
Morrissey is a big inspiration for ATM
atm left the zoom call because "its that hour and the vampires come"
Steve Buscemi is actually a failed attempt at cloning atm in order to get his acting genes
Atm has a laser guidance system for when he's peeing that he never uses. He just trusts that The Force will guide his stream
atm is a creature from "the black lagoon" but he wants people to know that really its a deep shade of green and actually a very lovely lagoon
Atm is 5% applesauce
atm is a publicly traded fortune 500 company
ATM Just Busted A Nut, And Here's Why You Should Care:
atm was a stunt double for Jack Klugman on 12 Angry Men which is a weird thing they thought they needed
atm's signature cocktail is ketchup and gin, microwaved until hot
atm is trill
atm smells like sand
atm briefly worked with sled dogs in remote Vermont in the summer of 2012
ATM hosts a podcast where he rates rotary phones.
ATM's fly is down, how embarrassing!
Atm is the owner of the world's only PC 2
ATM's jaguar is up, how humbling!
ATM invited all the people named "George" over for porridge and sex. The event became known as the Porgy Orgy of Georgy AKA P.O.G.
Atm's toilet is sentient
atm's favorite president is James Garfield because he thinks he was literally Garfield the cat
atm voted against FDR all 4 times
atm makes decisions by drinking "spice liquor" to see into the future so he can "walk the golden path". The "spice liquor" is just a bottle of Fireball and "the golden path" is the alley he passes out in
atm ran social media strategy for the Reagan campaign
atm's least favorite president is Jefferson because he doesn't trust men with ponytails
atm has a Herbert Hoover body pillow
ATM put marshmallow ripple into my chocolate insides
ATM took a shit in the Sandy Hook memorial gazebo
when atm does dishes he doesn't need a dishrag, he uses his own eyeballs to absorb the water
ATM just busted a fat hog in my shitter, by which I mean that the anti-corruption task force led by ATM exposed a rich cop who had an illegal confiscated drug warehouse in the sewers under my house
ATM holds a lot of regret penning over 50 slavery harem light novels, to redeem himself he traveled back in time and took up the moniker "Abraham Lincoln" he invented the chokeslam other other pro wrestling maneuvers during his attempt to free slaves.
ATM loves what he calls, "chicken sushi"
atm was the secretary of the interior in the Harding administration
atm must wear a hat at all times when he's having intercourse because of the ratatouille situation he has
atm's first celebrity crush was Ronald Reagan
ATM is a proud army wife.
atm's girlfriend's husband is in the Navy
atm was Wagner's ghost writer
atm is a master smithy
atm keeps demanding the undubbed Japanese version of Mulan even though thats not a thing. He started the #ReleaseTheUndubbedCut hashtag on twitter for this
atm keeps demanding the release of the butthole cat of Cats
atm has literal toe beans. he eats them when hes hungry and they grow back. sometimes when he needs a quick boost he grows coffee toebeans instead
ATM beats up transphobes and trainsphobes
ATM once killed a man
atm is in a cult
atm collects swords
Atm bakes rogue-like bread
Atm attended one of the first meetings to discuss how to respond to the Chernobyl disaster. At one point Atm stood up and addressed the room, which included then President Mikhail Gorbachev "Don't worry comrades, I got this." He then left the room and was not seen for another 20 years.
atm is a shy pooper
Atm likes his femboys like he likes his freight elevators. With a monster sized shaft
atm likes his men like he likes his design, intelligent || ergo why he doesn't like any of the men in this server
ATM likes his women like how he likes his tuna, wild caught.
atm is credited with saving dozens of french jews from Nazi forces. He had accomplished this by temporally vore fleeing jews then walking out of Nazi controlled territory. When ask how he had passed through checkpoints, atm said he shouted "Hey Imma walkin' here!" The occupying Nazi force noting that he was in fact walking there had no choice but to let him pass.
ATM likes his women like how he likes his salmon, farm raised.
despite all his rage atm is still a rat controlling a mage
atm is fully contained
atm can see over 6 million different colors
Atm is scared of his own shadows
most of atm is not on the visible light spectrum
Atms favorite restaurant is Benihana's
Atm sleeps in a reverse tanning bed. His goal to is to become pure white
ATM has run fifty marathons in different four states within eight hours
Atm can't believe it's not butter
atm built ℒℯ 『ShockBot』
atm built a bot that shocks my nuts
atm built a bot that posts my pubic hair on twitter
Atm met Aaron Carter once in grade school and he totally isn't lying to sound cool.
atm gets up every morning and eats an entire container of pre-workout
atm made Joe Biden cry in Mario Kart
Atm was the meteor that killed the dinosaurs
ATM wrote the first SAT exam. He failed it.
it was atm's idea to make and sell raspberry cheesecake chimichangas
Atm grows a new big toe every 35 hours
atm had categorized all of the library of Congress from “least to most fuckable” three times
atm once drank an entire barrel of crude oil
atm is a waiter at a Hooters in Fairfax City, VA
ATM makes custom Rick and Morty themed bongs for the students at Texas A&T
From 2007-2009, ATM coached the Israeli National Water Polo Team
Atm kissed Rush Limbaugh before he died just so Rush would die as a gay man
the Dresden bombing was atm's gender reveal
atm has dumps like trucks, trucks, trucks
ATM steals valor and sells it back to white women
ATM spent 5 years in gay baby jail
atm is a stripper at Big John's Boob Emporium in Peoria, Illinois. His stage name is "Sausage Grinder" and he dances to Limp Bizkit's cover of "Behind Blue Eyes" played at 2x speed
ATM did it all for the nookie
ATM is finna debut as a pig-type beastman (orc) VTuber named Corporal Cumweed, singing cum-themed song parodies like "Bust a hog in my shitter" and "One way bucket to of hog... semen yeah"
ATM wants to bust a nut, but your mom won't let him (orgasm denial)
Atm is a titty monster
atm is titty slug
Atm is the only person to precisely know what happened during the Dyatlov Pass incident.
ATM thinks the entire covid-19 pandemic was worth it for the increase of cute anime boys in masks pictures
atm is really into spaghetti westerns
ATM also goes by "Arm Leg Leg Arm Head"
atm was the lead art director of everquest
ATM is gay married to Barack Obama, who is straight married to Michelle Obama, who is gay married to AOC, who is straight married to ATM, completing the marriage rhombus
atm intentionally gets gun terminology wrong to upset losers
atm knocks out transformers for fun
atm would be the richest person in the world if the love of friendship had any value
Atm resembles elon musk in many ways
atm is the mayor of Douchecanoe, VT. Thats not an insult, the town is just called that
ATM plans on gouging out Dan Crenshaw's other eye
Atm is a scrungle dungus
atm has an ass so fat you can park 10 Tahoes on it
ATM is Dr. Munir Xochipillicueponi Quetzalkanbalam
when atm goes to sleep, someone else is in charge of his meat, you can be in charge of his meat by crawling through a small door in an office
atm never finished high school because his high school was destroyed in a flood
Atm is spending his retirement painting pictures of wounded troops in an effort to get us to forget about his war crimes
ATM is at war with the Bosnians but not the Herzegovinians
atm prints out his tweets and mails them to his parents
ATM's nipples are made of pure tungsten
Atm only orders fast food via usps standard mail
atms catchphrase is "what fresh hell is this?!"
atm is Muslim
ATM founded The Nation of Islam
atm's nickname is "Big Gay Homo Nintendo"
atm is not really sure what the difference between Hong Kong and King Kong is
atm's middle name is OJSimpson
atm has rabies
atm can snort whole hotdogs
atm shot JFK
atm breeds yorkies
ATM has a Louis Vuiton dufflebag full of heroin.
Atm eats string cheese without peeling it at all, whole bites
ATM fills the holes in swiss cheese with cum and lets it set before eating
ATM's full legal name is Miles "atm" Prower
"His tails are hot, but they sometimes get in the way during... lewd stuff *blushes*" - ATM on Miles "Tails" Prower
"Bazinga!" - ATM, unprompted
atm is a beefcake
it is snowing in atm
atm invented the BLT sandwich
ATM uses a leaf blower to cool his cowfee every morning
atm doesn't believe in a historical jesus
atm firmly believes modern christianity is cultural appropriation
atm wrote the final episode of St Elsewhere
Bert and Ernie from Sesame Street is based on ATM and his ex boyfriend, Ernesto Guevara.
atm convinced Fidel castro to grow a beard
ATM is a fan favorite of liberal white women
atm died on the cross to bring salvation to all humanity
Margaret Thatcher (screeching): "Busting hogs in shitters is ILLEGAL!!" || ATM (busting hog in shitter): "Monkey looking away meme"
atm learned sweep picking before alternate picking and that's why his sweeps are so sloppy
atm was married to Margaret Thatcher so he could piss and shit and vomit on her consensually while she was still alive
Atm invented pee
atm's mom once said she was going to bring home burger king but instead brought home arby's.
ATM Wants To Open An Illegal Jetski Farm In Venezuela, But His Mom Won't Let Him
atm is the lead vocalist of Passion Pit
atm shot a man in Reno and the police have a warrant out for his arrest
atm is technically a woodwind
inside atm there are two halves, his left half and his right half
inside atm is coconut yogurt, yogurt substitute, about 13 gallons
atm is a hot single in your area
ATM is commonly known as the entire Obama administration
atm requires no less that three bushels of raw wheat every day
NASA actually stands for National association for studying ATM
ATM's favorite Video compression format is Mpreg
ATM's gang name is "FemBoy64"
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is "brave"
atm once mainlined an entire can of PBR
atm invented the Electric Slide
Atm is the lost car in the movie “Dude, Where’s My Car?”
Atm is self employed and pays himself in atm bux. He’s tried to use it at stores, but only the used car lot accepts his currency
Atm can't go into a gay deer bar without blowing 40 bucks
Atm likes to lay down in houses he visits hoping someone should step on him
atm plays breakfast roulette every morning, wherein he takes size fresh eggs and two rotten eggs and randomly picks three
atm attended Dashcon
atm has a PhD from MIT but won't say in what field
atm is a precambrian lifeform
the A in Adam stands for Alaska
Atm worked at S-4 with Bob lazar
atm strips at The Dick House in Missauganaw, NY under the stage name Himbo Baggins and he dances to "Every Time We Touch" by Cascada
The song Layla is actually about atm
Atm can change his skin pigment to do natural blackface
atm is a homosexual
atm followed Korn on tour 7 different times
atm was once tricked by a frog
atm was twice eaten by a pack of wild dogs
atm is the clown in over 80% of clown sightings
atm is Italian
atm wears a 3 piece suit everyday and changes into a tux after 6pm
atm wears old-timey pirate clothing whenever he's at home, to relax
atm always lives más
atm will dress up as a french maid and clean your house for a fee
atm used to have a mustache but shaved it when he kept getting confused for a pornstar that only does scat humiliation videos. Its also weird that so many people in atm's community watch enough scat porn for that to be a problem
atm has a daughter
ATM's idea of a "Sunday funday" is sticking entire Costco food court hotdog weiners into his ears.
Atm is the current CEO of Ouya Inc.
atm hunts humans for sport
atm own 3 strip clubs he uses as money laundering operations
Atm thinks hostess clubs are where you eat hostess cakes with pretty ladies
ATM Shot Pop Smoke
Atm invented the tree
Atm has a new man on the Minnesota Vikings
atm goes honk honk cause duck
atm has an aggressive handshake to assert dominance
atm was a Colombian drug lord in the 80s before eventually being killed in Tom Clancy's novel "Clear and Present Danger". Yes, Clancy novels are like Death Notes of past atms
atm was not a bad enough dude to save the president and JFK got shot because of it
atm is divorced from reality and gets visitation rights of the kids every other weekend
Atm works part time as a bridge support column
Atm racks pool balls with his mouth. He does not need a triangle
atm voted for Amy Klobuchar because she was "the hottest candidate"
Atm is Irish
"Amy Klobuchar? More like Show-me Hotboobar" - ATM
atm will whip but never nae nae
ATM is so popular they made him into a real thing
atm goe pssssss <:darkpiss:719631793262690345>
In each parallel universe, there is an atm, but each one attacks a different planet or star in the universe
atm is many things, none of which insignificant
atm is among us
atm sleeps inside a cocoon in the shape of his own head
atm is sick
atm piss in the room sleeps
atm is a sick fuck and he got hit by a truck
atm was on that grassy knoll
atm is a grassy knoll
atm sleeps in the pipis room
Atm's brain has an archive of every meme ever posted on the internet and when and where they were posted.
ATM is ||the moon||
ATM is: || Swaggy || Epic || Like a sir
Fish don't fry in the kitchen, ATM don't burn on the grill.
ATM really identifies strongly with Tyler Perry movies.
If you insert something into atm and forget it there, he will shred it for security reasons
ATM has Imposter Syndrome from playing too much Among Us.
ATM has Impasta Syndrome from watching too much Sapranos.
atm holds the record for most McFish eaten in under a minute, 7. Which is excessive considering no one's ever bothered to even eat 1 that fast
atm || does || not || consider || linebreaks || to || be || whitespace
atm has a tumblr page where he reviews tamagotchis
Atm owns all of Lynard Skynard’s albums. Every single album to leave a factory
ATM's favorite italian food is Pasta di Frogóle
atm's frog hole was the inspiration for old spice
ATM is patiently waiting for his homie, Bobby Shmurda, to be released from prison.
ATM was disappointed by the lack of game fowl in Istanbul.
atm is the patron saint of lost causes
atm invented the famous dab
atm once fed a blue whale 25 grams of LSD
atm cut off all the limbs from blue whales, which were once land walking creatures
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is a SAWCSM
ATM is Nyan-binary.
ATM is a nyanderthal
during WWII atm was sent deep behind enemy lines to kill Hitler, later the government came to him again so he could hunt and kill a dangerous creature in the Canadian wilderness
atm's new album *Trapped in Asparagus* just dropped
atm brought South Africa to the big screen with his breakout film "Why South Africa Sucks Ass: Please Watch This Movie So I Can Make Enough Money To Move Anywhere Else". It was poorly received in South Africa
atm did a whole shape of water thing with bigfoot once, but it ended in tragedy
atm hunts vampires one weekend a year called the Vampire Weekend
atm officiated the gay wedding between Bigfoot and former Representative from Virginia Denver Riggleman
atm wrote "Ghouls, Girls, and Goo: a Self-Help Book for Struggling Teens". It was strongly condemned by the Church of Latter Day Saints
ATM is the son of God. He doesn't know which god because they are a dead beat dad.
atm got rosary beads lodged in one of his kidneys during an unfortunate catholicism accident so now he pees holy water
ATM has never ever in the history of the world, universe, and everything eaten a sandwich.
Atm has 125,378 different files on his desktop
atm wrote the lesser-known song Can Touch This (You)
atm when he senses a threat https://discord.com/channels/97377201841766400/795444783748612096/813678914361622569
atm is a teenager
atm still makes Chuck Norris jokes in 2021
atm's a buff baby who can dance like a man
Chuck norris makes atm jokes
Atm sneezes kitty litter
Atm has at least 5 copies of Boss Baby on DVD on his person at all times
ATM can gangbang multiple bottoms at once, without assistance
atm paid Claw Shaw to conspire to kill JFK, only because he didn’t like those three letters in that order
atm is naked, too naked
atm potato
atm is always naked. Humans are unable to consciously process his nudity, our minds subconsciously create an illusion that he is fully clothed.
atm umpires little league games because he likes to fight with shitty parents
Merth can i buy raspberry pi? || For Apple emulation? || Yeeeeeeees || Actually sets up spycam in your toilet like a boss || Creepshot time
atm is a khover of khever
atm doesn't shake hands with women because he doesn't want to catch cooties
Atm hosts a late night talkshow called Space Deer Queer to Queer
atm invented podcasting by starting a podcast that talks about other podcasts
ATM was set to play the role of Tim "The Toolman" Taylor in Home Improvement, however contracts talks stalled when the studio refused to give ATM access to real tools and live subjects.
ATM scored the winning goal for Denmark at the 1990 European Championship
atm has no pube
Atm got married on top of the Bass Pro Shop pyramid
atm is the trap queen Fetty Wap was referring to in his song "Trap Queen"
atm is a huge Jeff Foxworthy fan
Jeff Foxworthy comes up with his "you might be a redneck" jokes after spending time observing Atm in his natural habitat
atm used the infinity stones to make himself a sandwich
ATM controls all reincarnation in the world. He checks their deeds and decides who's deer worthy or even fox worthy
atm passed the infinity kidney stones and then also used them to make a sandwich
in a pinch, atm's blood can be used as soy sauce!
soy sauce cannot be used to replace atm's blood. It's compatible but it makes him too dangerous
atm's yearbook quote reads :  ||  || "hell yea im a bottom || B ring || O n || T he  || T all || O versized  || M ommies"
atm is the centerfold
atm's 9th favorite locality in Alabama is Selma
atm sank the Kursk
Atm eats five family sized boxes of cheerios each week
Atm knocks all the display drills onto the floor at hardware stores and runs away before anyone sees him
the rocket launches for the moon missions were fake, NASA actually used atm to throw the command and lander modules at the moon
Atm's less a person and more an infinite being
atm lives in Baltimore
ATM beats people up whenever they make fun of his favorite kpop artist.
Atm was in highschool trying to show off in front of his classmates and accidentally proclaimed he "could beat off 20 men!"
Atm IS a white woman
Atm co-authored *Michelin, Lost Pages: Traveling Man's Guide to Artisanal Bussy*
atm is a "Beto Bitch", a fan of Beto O'Rourke
atm pulled off an Ocean's 11-style heist to steal parmesan cheese rolls from the Italian cheese vault
Atm singlehandedly forced Olive Garden to get rid of their unlimited pasta deal
atm is a gamma male which means he can emit gamma ray bursts through his chest
The song "Sexy" by French Connection is about atm
atm is THE FUCK
atm likes his partner's personality like he likes his beer, bubbly and warm
atm ate an entire guitar in one sitting in 1998
ATM sells his pasta water.
atm shot JFK, a filthy Irishman who is a stain on the good name of Catholicism, because JFK stole his meatball recipe. An Irishman! Making a proud Italian's meatballs??? Unforgivable
atm's favorite type of clothing is hotpants. which is why he puts his jeans in the oven to start the day
atm makes chicken and dumplings every day
atm knows the secret 11th commandment, "thou shall party hard"
ATM has a spedometer on his bike
Atm whenever on public transport, likes to peel a hard-boiled egg he's brought along, and when complete, drops the egg on the ground and keeps the shell
Everyday, atm cuts down a cherry tree and lies about it
atm is a gay icon
atm owns a male strip club in Iraq called The Hung Gardens of Babylon
Atm coaches a senior cheerleading team in Cairo called The Pyramid of Geezer
Atm is an auditor for the irs
ATM, please let borrow some money I'm so broke oh god oh fuck
Atm spends an hour a day practicing shadow puppets
Atm is signed up for Ben Garrison's email newsletter under the name Chad Thundercock
Atm can recite every fast and furious movie by heart on command if you know the magic word
atm is tuned into the Akashic record which is just circus music
every time atm takes a shit, his dick touches the water
legally, atm is a cowboy. not because of his shootin' and tootin' but because of his udders
the last season on atm aired in 1997 but he still remains in syndication
atm owns the world's only nightmarecast
atm has dianetes, not to be confused with diabetes, atm doesn't produce enough thetons and has to be on a scientology pump otherwise he will go into a dianetic coma and die
the Soviet Union collapsed when atm accidentally tripped it
Atm can fire any time of firearm cartridge with his mouth but the bolt action of his tongue limits his fire rate
Disney digitally added atm into Song of the South to make it more racist
after the 5th "super collider? I barely know her!" joke atm made, CERN shoved him in the collision chamber of the LHC and turned it on
Atm is upset at the potato head drama because he believes that they should be called "spud studs"
atm committed tax fraud in 1966
atm composed the music for the tim burton batman films
Atm wrote the song “Toxic” by Britney Spears
Atm thinks the leaning tower of pisa is made out of piss
While trying to replicate the famous japanese yakisoba bread, atm invented the spaggot baggot, a baguette filled with spaghetti (plain)
When asked whether he would rather bust a move, a nut, or my kneecaps, atm answered:
atm is a warlock
atm played drums for Simple Plan
ATM is a sucker for e-celeb drama
Zagreus is atm no will no explain why
ATM is at the center of a sinister plot to unseal Dark Biden
Atm started a band that is hyper aggressively prejudice against Canadians, it's actually really messed up no joke
Atm was lead artist on La Blue Girl
atm invented Zoom to talk to turtles in the Galápagos Islands
ATM is played by Andy Serkis
atm shot the sheriff, the deputy, the EMTs, the coroner and the funeral director
Atm thinks Ed Helms is hilarious
atm is a creationist
ATM installed over 15+ porn mods for Rimworld
Atm knows the exact amount of otters on the planet at any time.
all the clocks in atm's home started counting down one day and he's terrified about whats going to happen when they reach 0
All oysters are made with a starter portion of ATM’s snot
ATM hates the british.
ATM's life is an isekai.
ATM has a pet fried egg called Carlton Banks.
ATM is a small business owner.
Rick Sanchez from the acclaimed TV series, "Rick and Morty" is actually based on ATM. The Council of Ricks is a direct reference to the ATM multiverse.
The most recent activity on the san andreas fault was caused when atm snapped into a slim jim
Atm has a shirt that says “I support single moms” with a cartoon of a stripper on it
"Ready to blast off!" -atm, multiple times in Belfast
atm is an ecto-terrorist
atm joined Earth First thinking it was about blowing up Mercury and Venus to make Earth the first planet in the solar system but left when he found out it was some lame shit about trees
ATM is your wife's boyfriend.
atm has never met an Applebee's he couldn't get banned from
ATM's buttcheeks act as a venus fly trap but for birds
atm types at 30 wpm which is not great to say the least
ATM has read every single Garfield comic strip.
ATM runs a gay arranged marriage service named "Male Order Bride".
when atm was a senator in the 1830s, he'd finish every speech with "make sure you hit that mf like and subscribe button!"
ATM moonlights as a Mongolian Shaman on alternating weekends.
atm has a podcast about Christian rock band POD that he made with his COVID pod called the Pod POD Podcast
ATM likes his women like how he likes his cheese, romano.
atm likes his women like he likes his cheese and Serena Williams, GOAT
Goatse isn't actually a real man stretching his own anus, it's a diorama made by atm in 5th grade.
ATM got gastric bypass surgery for no reason because he's quirky like that.
"fuck that bitch in the ass, call it gastric bypass" -atm, in his first and only rap song
ATM runs a brothel/horse ranch in Nevada called "The Whore's Horse". It's fun for the entire family!
atm owns the largest, most dangerous waterpark in Taiwan
Atm says he can't be racist against horses because his best friend in school was a horse
ATM is a notorious serial killer who sends his victim's fingers to Korone.
ATM has a high end gaming pc just to play mario rom hacks.
ATM's favorite philosopher is Tiny Tim
atm hunts goblins for the government
Atm was the inspiration for Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter. The President part, not the vampire hunter part
ATM reads playboy for the articles.
ATM was Logan Paul's boxing coach.
one standard atm is defined as 1.75m
atm plays the drums in Fallout Boy
Hollywood's biggest secret is that Marylin Monroe is just ATM in a wig.
atm shot JFK because JFK was about to reveal that atm was actually Marylin Monroe
atm owns 17 Rick & Morty graphic tees
Atm collected three pieces of a dead cat and transformed into a cat
ATM is a Nekomancer.
All clocks in the world are set to ATM’s burps
ATM believes in only eating what's been cooked in the skulls of his enemies
atm is the owner of Jimmy John's Jimmies for Johns brothel in Tucson, AZ
atm is banned from his local Subway for measuring the footlongs then demanding a partial refund if its too short
atm has been "escorted" off the premises of 7 different pet stores across Franklin County for offering NINJA loans to hermit crabs
unfortunately atm invented pineapple vanilla cheese cream soupsickles
Like possums, atm eats up to a thousand ticks per month!
The events of Fahrenheit 451 are actually a glimpse at what would happen if Atm ever read a book.
atm doesn't know how to read. he is illegitimate
Atm once owned a diner in placerville Ca
atm is the uncreated
Atm is a big fan of atm
Atm stole all my cheese
Atm goes retro for his hibernation period (Feb 2 until Feb 19 each year)
Atm celebrates leap year every year
atm doesn't exist on the 14th of september
ATM is also known as Adam the Attack moon attacker moon attack
ATM went to rehab for his chronic garlic powder addiction, he got better and now does speeches on college campuses.
ATM's official job title is Bong Slurper
Atm snorts five grams of stevia every day
Atm created javascript because he couldn't hear his friend talking when they would hang out in the coffee shop
atm thinks Uighur is pronounced oo-ig-hur
Atm walks without rhythm so he doesn't attract the worm
ATM killed everyone
ATM is so woke, he never sleeps.
ATM has no rhythm.
atm won a nobel peace prize for doing nothing, much like most of the reipients.
Atm has many faces, not unlike his dnd dice
when atm interviewed to be a lobster wrangler at his local Red Lobster the manager asked him his 5 year plan and atm said "to strip naked and run into the woods on all fours". He did not get the job
the deer in the Adventure Time episode that almost killed Finn & Jake and then attempted ethnic cleansing against the candy people is loosely based off atm
Atm insists on pronouncing the word limousine "memeousine". This explains why he insists on shouting "FUUUUUuuuuu no me gusta" whenever he rides in one
Known to very little people, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 has a clause that makes any negative action against Atm a hate crime and punishable by flogging with a weapon of Atm's choice. He frequently chooses his space deer antlers.
atm's bank password is the Navy Seal copypasta
atm joined the navy for the women. he was disappointed
Atm bought out the local newspaper and now every page is a picture of Atm's butt delivered daily
atm drives a 1987 Dodge pick up truck that has empty cans of Coors rattling around in the bed, the radio only plays Billy Idol
Atm is on a book burning quest to get rid of all the world's dictionaries
atm was a Chicago beat cop in the 80s
Atm beat a Chicago cop in the 80s
atm has a PhD in underwater basketweaving
Atm drives a Dodge Ram
atm manages a "jiffy lube" in Provincetown, MA
ATM invented the worst genre of music ever, grunge.
atm knows the words to The Macarena
ATM has a superman pajama top and a batman pajama bottoms. It's a metaphor.
Atm does not actually wear clothes. They hover over him without ever touching him.
ATM was born this year.
atm built and stocked a bunker to prepare for Y2K, he didn't emerge until 2003 where he then learned that nothing happened when the millenium rolled over
atm moonlighted in the 90s as Bill Clinton's saxophone, he has fond memories of Bill blowing him all night long
atm was Courtney Cox's stunt double on Friends whenever she had to kiss Matthew Perry
atm has an evil twin who only wears denim. Jackets, Underwear, Pajamas, Shoes. You name it, Evil Atm wears it.
atm lives everyday like its 12/31/1999
atm organized a giant turn of the century cuddle puddle called the Y2K hug
atm did 9/11
Atms catchphrase is "Make haste! Not chaste!"
Atm is teased for being afraid of the dentist, "deerboy is afraid of getting drilled!", "No I'm not!!!"
atm has faith of the heart
atm was on the cover of the June 1975 issue of Bean Aficionado
Atm is only afraid of brown colored dogs between 17-23lbs, and nothing else
ATM's tongue is a historic landmark
atm once phreaked his way into the Pentagon's classified databases
atm invited some certain e-friends of his to join his teletubbies cover band where he'd play the baby and they'd play the 'tubbies. he called it "ATM and the coloreds"
ATM is, at the moment, attacking the automatic teller machine on the moon
atm is stuck in a 5 year long time loop, just long enough for him to not recognize the loop but short enough for him to feel stuck in the same situations over and over again. A slow madness
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is cute || a big cute space deer || a big cute space deer || @ℒℯ 『atm』 is cute
atm got married at Funko Pop headquarters
ATM has an accurate recreation of JFK's assassination in Minecraft. So accurate it was almost like he was there.
atm has a Lee Harvey Oswald funko pop
atm fought in Vietnam
atm is a literature professor at a small New England liberal arts college, yes he wears a tweed jacket with elbow patches
atm wears an asbestos-lined face mask to prevent covid and fires
Atm has gotten punched on 14 separate occasions attempting to settle disputes by breaking into *listen to your heart* by Roxette
atm is responsible for 19% of all emissions
atm has a pouch on his belly where he keeps his funko pops and babies
Jack Ruby actually owed a debt to Atm briefly in 1963. Atm gave him the choice of either spending the entire day wearing an animal tail butt plug or killing someone of Atm's choosing.
atm made a JFK assassination diorama with funko pops, theres not JFK or Jackie O funko pop so he just used a Harry Potter and Incredible Hulk one respectively
ATM assassinated Cheems after a drug deal done wrong in Guadalajara.
ATM thinks DNS servers are a Pulp Fiction reference
Guadalajara really took a turn for the worst when ATM "The Butcher" Sanchez was deported
atm is Ruby Rose
Saturn got its rings after atm proposed
atm is a billionaire if you count pogs as money
atm's favorite fruit is the durian
ATM wears a Deer costume at night and beats up homeless people.
Atm pays homeless people $20 each night to check for monsters in his bedroom before going to bed.
ATM thinks Ska is the epitome of white culture.
atm is drinking juice
Atm birthed many gods
atm is cerberus of clown hell
The amount of bones inside ATM's body is always fluctuating. The graphical representation of this comes in the form of a sinusoidal wave
atm did gay porn in the 80s under the stage name The Bone Wizard
The doom episode "thy flesh consumed" is actually a reference to the time John romero dared atm to swallow a fleshlight whole. || This was the first time the word "thrussy" was used
atm edited the bible so it includes more incest and less Jesus
if you give atm a set of coordinates he can tell you all relevant laws governing goat ownership at that location
atm likes his men like he likes his spaghetti, saucy
drinking a gallon of fresh atm blood can immediately, permanently and completely transition someone to the opposite gender
atm is known to cause cancer in the state of California which is why he has a prop 65 warning tattooed on his lower back
atm is classified by the government as an HBCU, he has no idea why but he's happy to keep taking their money
atm fought in the Chincha Island War for Spain
atm sees London and France but doesn't look at your underpants out of respect for your privacy
atm can command beavers with his mind which is why he's banned from Canada
atm can command beavers with his mind which is why he's great at sex
atm saw Avatar and wept for there were no more movies about blue cat people to conquer
atm was the mustache stylist for Hitler and Shaq
atm strips at Shaun's Dons in Cleveland, Ohio under the stage name Charles Clappin', his signature dance is making his ass clap to the beat of vaudeville piano music while a silent film is projected upside down on him. Its the only male stripping performance the New York Times has ever reviewed and they simply described it as "awe inspiring"
atm strips at The Beaver Tail in Thompson, Manitoba under the stage name Hung Moose, he only wears a denim thong and pasties and he strips to One Week by the Bare Naked Ladies
ATM was kicked off the Justice League after multiple unsuccessful sexual advances towards Martian Manhunter.
ATM did enjoy a short tryst with Red Tornado during his Justice League stint.
ATM's superpower is that he can manifest a different culture's cuisine daily, he was a popular  mainstay at The Hall of Justice.
ATM likes Hal Jordan more than John Stewart and the reason is pretty obvious.
Atm is a fan of domesticated terrorism. That's why he keeps an Irish republican as a pet
"sometimes when you cum into the abyss, the abyss cums back" -atm, after visiting the Grand Canyon on a windy day
When needed, atm can retreat to his mind palace. Inside this palace there are 4 clones of John Denver singing Christmas songs a cappella
atm replaced gender with various stone fruits and banana species
atm strips at La Maison de la Baguette in Auxerre, France under the stage name Na-bone-ya Boner-Party (a bit try hard). He has no special moves because France sucks ass (a service he accepts as payment instead of Euros)
ATM strips at Zanzibar's in Toronto,Canada and seduced 40 bucks out of a 19 year old me.
atm lobbied to keep prohibition
we all live in a material world and atm is a material girl
Atm found love in a hopeless place (Missouri)
atm owes merth 3 years of child support payments
atm grossly misunderstood what part of the body eyeliner goes on
atm can eat an incredible amount of celery
atm is a well known actor in Westerns
atm once had a gamer moment and said the z-slur
atm once took a shit so big it became known worldwide as the tsar bomba
atm can't stop getting strange looks when talking about his gender conceal party
atm's tears can restore virginity
Atm got in trouble with US military intelligence back in the early days of Operation Iraqi Freedom. Reports of Iraqi weaponry came from a low ranking officer overhearing atm talk about his "weapon of ass destruction"
Jordan Peterson has been dead for over a decade. All of his public appearances have been due to atm doing a weekend at bernie's bit with his body
Atm threw the baby out with the bathwater, but it was intentional
On the hidden page of ATM's merch store is where you can find the limited edition "All Cops Are Blessings" shirts
atm's limbs are very gangrenous!
atm was a member of Earth, Wind and Fire
"Strip 'er? I hardly know 'er!" ~ ATM upon being asked if he wants to be a stripper
ATM signs legal documents with his heat signature.
ATM was sent to Guantanamo for seducing the president. Which president, you ask? That's right, it was Dr. Ron Paul, POTUS, M.D.
atm is a suburban wine mom
the first known atm was unearthed in China in 1879
atm laid siege to Antwerp for 3 days in 1540
atm has a big, round, juicy watermelon that he's bringing to the picnic
atm is the origin of the phrase "barking up the wrong tree". It comes from when he was working in the tree factory in heaven and kept putting the wrong bark on the wrong trees because he was incompetent. He eventually got fired and moved to the parasite lab where he actually thrived due to his talent for making African parasites like the British and Belgians.
atm has a heart of iron that was forged deep in the fires of Pittsburgh
atm celebrates Hanukkah
atm celebrates Shaunukkah
if you put atm on a pool raft, his body will rotate so his head always points towards his first wife, Margaret Thatcher
Atm's teeth grow like a rodent's and he needs to file them down every couple of days
atm still gets incredibly mad if you bring up the fact that VHS beat the Betamax
atm has a stall at his local flea market where he sells VHS releases of 80s and 90s anime
atm makes over $100,000 a year at his VCR repair business that almost exclusively serves the people that buy VHS anime and hentai from his flea market stall
ATM’s IUOE nickname is Triple Nickel
licking atm's armpits for 30 minutes can cure all cancer
atm was a brewer in ancient Mesopotamia
atm is named after his grandfather
ATM runs a women only boxing gym in Boise,Idaho known as "Women's Left".
ATM has a plastic surgery practice called "Women's Cleft".
ATM is just built different.
ATM stole Bill Cosby's sphincter
atm can navigate using echolocation but it requires him to shout the n-word
atm built this city on rock, but not on roll.
atm is the only person who can truly pump up the jam
atm is non-fungible
Planet 9 is ATM's mothership
up until 1948, ATM was in black and white
atm wrote and voiced all of D.Va's lines
Atm loves purity
atm only pays child support for his daughters to make up for the gender pay gap
atm plays the keytar in merth's all white afro-funk band
atm invented the word "womxn"
atm has his pilot license
Atm runs a British tabloid about men involved in cold cut scandals. It's called the Deli Male
Atm runs a fence cleaning newspaper named the Washingaton of Posts
Atm is the majority owner of a social media by deer, for deer called Facebuck.
Atm always lands on his feet. That's because he owns a private airstrip named "his feet"
ATM's stomach actually lowers gravity for the food inside it
On ATM's drivers license, his sex is listed as "yes please". His height is also "yes please"
Atm campaigned to get rid of the 27th letter of the alphabet.
Even tho Lord Sandwich is one of ATM's most popular titles through history, he secretly wishes the ideas he put forth as Duke Pissjug caught on instead
According to atm, the most important piece of literature in human history is Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days
All studies into our current timeline has shown that the only thing preventing us from entering a timeline where everyone burns to death is Atm picking his nose every day.
Atm is like the wind fish if we wake him up the world stops existing
atm is many things
Atm's rap name is Childish Gayhimbo
atm was built in Detroit by union auto workers using pure American steel from Pittsburgh, they don't build him like this anymore!
Atm can still acquire nutrients through his belly button
atm invented the jet ski because he's rad as hell
atm once made so much coffee that he drowned an entire village
ATM was responsible for the market crash in 1929 when he convinced everyone to "ironically" liquidate all their stocks
atm likes his pasta like he likes his wine, dry
atm sleeps in a hyperbaric chamber
baby atm was dipped in the river Styx to make him invincable, his mom did not hold him by the heel
atm owns a lot of Ed Hardy shirts
atm's favorite synthetic fiber is rayon
atm is a Raiders fan
atm was the captain of the swim team at his high school
ATM call Black Mages "African American Mages" in order to be politically correct.
Atm holds R until he spawns next to an item room
ATM invented the SJW Destructor Beame
Everyone knows that atm really has his finger on the pulse of america, || What they seem to forget though is that atm has two hands
ATM doesn't know what a woman is
atm is the UK's leading expert on onions
atm runs at a constant 420fps || (the f stands for fart)
Atm accidentally ate cucumber jhonty on a sandwich at tea time
atm was the original drummer for the Beatles
atm does his own stunts
did you know atm was a firefighter on 9/11?
atm is one of those big dune worms from the hit broadway musical "Dune!"
atm's love language is Aramaic
atm is still legally married to Helen of Troy
ATM is generic white minecraft youtuber #2156.
atm is a licensed and bonded George W Bush impersonator
Atm gained super powers after being vaccinated for covid 19
atm strips at Big Wong's Dongs & Songs in Staunton, VA under the stage name Wood-Ho Wilson. His signature move is spinning upside down on the pole while playing Cotton Eye Joe on the fiddle
ATM proposed a Neil DeGrasse Tyson porn parody called Neil's Big Black Hole
atm is an ungulate
atm thinks libs all look the same
Atm is a gamer
atm is super into Edgar Allen Poe
atm wrote the lyrics for "Mind of a Maniac" by Lil Boosie, he was inspired by his own life and experiences
atm was the head writer for Tron: Legacy
atm is a homeowner
ATM is indistinguishable from the Queen of England
atm was involved in the invasion of Grenada, something he is still proud of to this day
ATM's closest relative DNA wise is a forklift
atm's ideal first date is getting his date forklift certified
much like Antman, atm can fit in your urethra and there's nothing you can do to stop him
atm has fought in many wars on many sides and he has them ranked, you will not like what number 1 is and you will be very offended by number 5
atm is a stranger to love and doesn't know the rules
atm will give you up to the police for $5, such a let down
6% of all atm facts are song lyrics
atm once used an IED to instantly paint a room
atm is an NFT, Non-Fungal Tsar
name a mammal and atm has made butter from its milk
atm holds the record on every Chuck E Cheese arcade game
atm started a dating website called "Cuck Me Please"
atm invented the lobster roll but this is still a hotly contested issue
atm is Christ
If atm falls in the forest and no one is around to hear him, he does make a noise. That noise is him going "Aw fuck I fell"
There is a unreleased episode of Dr Phil where atm is the guest. He got in on a fake story and t-posed in front of Phil for the entire episode. ||  || Security could not move him. He left of his own free will after an hour
ATM can't tell the Ninja Turtles apart and that's pretty racist.
ATM wiped Tomato Town.
ATM had a one might stand with The Flash. Needless to say neither could sit straight for months.
atm is a champion bowler
atm eats bread ironically
ATM wants to be hardcore but his mom won't let him
ATM really really misjudged the word "Ghostbuster". Let's just say he's banned from a few different astral planes now.
atm isn't
ATM's blood is actually anti-freeze which allows him to survive on Pluto
atm's went through the desert on a horse with a name. The name that sat on him was Death.
atm is a 29th century schizoid man
atm is a 21st century analog boy
atm is a doctor wazoog
atm has a favorite flavor of rat poison
ATM loves Cancel Culture because it got rid of Firefly.
"Oh, you like Cancel Culture? Why don't you "cancel" my hustler subscription, it's costing me $4000 a week" - ATM
ATM designed a digital Signature sandwich using NFTs
ATM's real name is Gascoigne H. Hitler. the H is for Hitler
ATM's name Gascoigne H. Hitler is a bit strange, but it can be explained. He was born Gascoigne Jackson to father Jackson Jackson and mother French H. Jackson (neé Hitler). His mother took her maiden name as a middle name, thus the H. Later, ATM decided to also take his mother's maiden name as his middle name, becoming Gascoigne H. Jackson. Then, ATM married Doctor Hitler and took his last name, changing Jackson for Hitler, and becoming Gascoigne H. Hitler (Gascoigne Hitler Hitler)
ATM does NOT eat ass, that is slander
When playing RPGs, ATM refuses to play anything but a child-slaying antipaladin.
Whenever atm writes a tabletop campaign he can't escape two influences: Catholicism and body horror
an ATM is a unit of measurement for weight, 1 ATM is approx. 1,000 lbs, his current weight
atm is a cat-holic. hes addicted to drinking cats
ATM made an ERP fursona for obama called Barbedcock O'bustanut
ATM intentionally doesn't tag his atm facts so he can feel the power of having someone else do it for him
ATM's carpet matches his drapes. They are all blood red as tribute to the Great One
ATM's inner child is not what you think it is.
During WWII atm fought as a sniper in the Red Army
During WWII atm fought as an artilleryman for the American forces
During WWII atm fought as a sapper in the French resistance
ATM worked in british naval intelligence during WWII
ATM famously killed Hitler
ATM has been boygnant three times, he gave boyrth to three boytiful boys
atm collects names of the lovers that went wrong
lord knows atm can't change
atm is a huge Depeche Mode fan
atm speaks 9 languages, number 3 will surprise you!
atm isnt a US citizen
atm was summoned to another world, defeated the demon king, and came back
atm was summoned to the Netherlands, charged with war crimes, and came on the judge before being executed
ATM has known many men, many women, and also a few orangutangs
Joe Biden, Donald Trump, Barack Obama, George W Bush, Bill Clinton, George HW Bush, Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter all got restraining orders against atm in 1977
up until 1993, atm facts were registered using the atm fax
atm's extremely poor ability in spanish got him listed as a registered mex offender in 2009
atm owns a chain of texmex restaurants in eastern oregon and western idaho
atm's chain of texmex restaraunts is called "Señor Ciervo Espacial"
the Secret Service is currently investigating the validity of some atm facts
atm prefers the Robocop remake to the original
atm has not chosen a side in the war between grits and oatmeal
ATM hates his wife and just wants to grill.
ATM was a Gucci model from 2015-2017.
ATM's pornstar name is ATP
atm runs an abortion clinic called Attack The Womb
Atm breeds giant worms for his Attack the Dune initiative
atm was banned from the state of North Carolina for his violent anti-Appalachian State University campaign "Attack The Boone"
atm has a primitive noise band called Attack the Tune
atm's battle strategy is always "Attack them Soon"
ATM's clocks only have 11 digits on them
atm was banned from the viking museum after starting a campaign to attack the runes
In 79 CE, atm wrote some graffiti on a Pompeii brothel stating "Weep, you girls. My penis has given you up. Now it penetrates men's behinds."
In dota ATM's preferred strategy is to target enemies who ran out of mana
atm's strategy to win a ground war in Russia is to attack in June
atm eats breakfast and lunch at the same place, he goes back at noon
atm stands for "Attack the Moon"
atm once orchestrated a mass escape from the dog pound that ended up leading to a minor stray dog uprising in Northern California
Atm once tried to build a Christmas workshop on the dark side of the moon. The experiment failed when the man he put in charge eventually spun it off into a billion dollar agricultural biotech company
atm directed "Santa Clause 2"
ATM runs a Christian anti-masturbation movement called ATC, Attack The Coom.
atm is a grand wizard of the KKK (Ku Klux Klan)
atm has never seen Ratatouille
candid footage of @ℒℯ 『atm』's gastrointestinal process https://youtu.be/1WoW_TaUhGY?t=65
ATM was almost hunted to extinction in the 1400s
atm loves @ℒℯ 『merth』
atm knows a song that gets on everyone's nerves but instead of telling us what it is, he sings a stupid little song bragging about his arcane knowledge
ATM destroyed all evidence of the Event
atm was convicted on 6 counts of barratry in 1875
atm puts kimchi on his burger
atm hosts a yearly native american pub crawl called "the trail of beers"
any elephant that sees atm will try and kill him and will not stop until either atm is dead or they die trying.
atm can run up to 88 mph which lets him go backwards and forwards in time
Atm is a white noise machine
Atm graduated summer cum load
atm is a Quebecois separatist
Atm once walked into a hospital shouting "can I get some penicillin cuz my penis be illin"
in street fighter AND tekken atm mains akuma because he is a cooma
atm told the world's first knock knock joke at Abraham Lincoln's inauguration
atm told the world's first your momma joke at Abraham Lincoln's assassination
atm commissioned a JFK sex doll from Real Doll, he bangs it or gets banged by it every night before passing out hugging his Kissinger body pillow
atm was Richard Nixon's campaign manager
atm was suspended by the NHL for 3 games after he pulled a gun on Edmonton Oilers goal tender Mikki Koskinen during a game
atm is the curator of the Smithsonian Museum of Canadian Art and Culture, its not an actual museum so much as its a hockey bar that plays Bare Naked Ladies music all day
atm can chew through a battleship in less than 15 minutes
atm is a 🅱️rap god
atm phreaked his way into the control systems of a Ukrainian nuclear power plant in 1986
atm played on his university's quidditch team, yes, he was one of those people
Atm is the owner of the only American flag with 12 stars and 12 stripes because he'll be damned if I recognize Connecticut. Fuck you Roger Sherman!
atm designed one of the first American flags which was just George Washington shitting on King George's chest, that flag only lost by a single vote
due to a fluke in the original charter, atm is technically a member of NATO which led to a multi-national military invasion of his high school bully's house which is now a French territory
ATM and Kermit the Frog ran a detective agency from 1974-1981. It ended when Kermit found out ATM was taking brides from the mob and had a standoff on the Queensborough Bridge.
ATM is Big Bird's second cousin one removed.
if you spank atm, he'll only be able to speak in a Kermit voice for 4 hours
atm is the rightful owner of Cuba Gooding Jr's Oscar
atm is considered persona non grata by the NAACP because of an incident involving Levar Burton and MLK Jr
ATM was Francisco Franco's favorite player during his stint at Real Madrid.
ATM proudly voted for Hilary Clinton and will do it again #girlboss
ATM founded Freaknik.
atm is a freak on a leash
Atm is a beatnik. Every time he says someone named nick he wants to beat them up
Atm created Fox News as a channel to document news on foxes but quickly lost control of his creation
atm once punched superman so hard that superman died
Atm created the slogan "winners dont use drugs" that was used in arcade machines for a while as a way to get back at a crackhead he lost to in a street fighter tournament
Atm is banned from all nintendo tournaments for cheating at wii sports
NEVER ask atm about his likes and dislikes
ATM arrived on Earth in a blaze of glory in 65 998 979 BC
atm is a monster
atm was become earth than, was baboomnga, primal beast KILL - created's monke
ATM thinks Yugi-Oh is an accurate depiction of Ancient Egyptian History.
ATM has a PhD in Egyptian History from Oxford University.
Atm is sus!
ATM strips at The Blimey Limey in the Tottenham district of London. He goes by "Jack the Stripper".
atm's diet consists primarily of dinosaur-shaped chicken nuggest
atm wrote all the words the Daft Punk's hit song Around the World
"Girls are made of sugar, spice, and everything nice. ATM is made of gravel, clay, and everything gay." - Anonymous (the hacker)
atm has a prion disease
atm was the captain of the HMS Surprise during the Napoleonic Wars, he has fond memories of leading his ship into battle on the far side of the world with his trusty ship's surgeon merth
atm has an encyclopedic knowledge of GI Joe lore
atm carries a heavy Baretta, you could say he's a trend setter
atm was a member of U.S.D.A
atm can name every Pope that owes him money
atm can function as a steel factory, he can process 7.5 million net tons of steel a year and features 4 blast furnaces
atm likes choo choo trains haha
atm is a little orphan boy in Victorian London
ATM spent a few centuries as a god in the Egyptian pantheon. He was known as Amon'Gus, the two-faced god of trust and deceit.
You've got your big Gs, atm has his cumpipe
atm constantly talks about the "amazing cinematography" Marvel movies have
atm unironically identifies as a "film buff"
ATM favorite cider is femicider
"Japanese cuisine? 😍 Omg I love misogyny soup" - ATM
Atm installed his own diy bidet, but it just shoots the toilet water back up at you
atm can trap the souls of the dead in inanimate objects and he is tired of waiting for Kissinger to die so his toilet can finally talk
Atm was kicked out of his credit union for trying to file for bankpupcy
atm has a cottage core aesthetic
atm has a big handlebar mustache that he twirls while laughing menacingly
atm is a scrub, the kinda guy that hangs out of his best friend's ride trying to holler at women
Atm has a leopard print singlet and big round dumbbells to woo the ladies
atm likes working with kids because he's a kid at heart and that gives him a good attitude to shape young minds while also being able to relate to them and create a comfortable learning environment
The DOOM file extension .wad stands for What's ATM Doing?
ATM's DNA has five bases. A, C, G, T and #
atm wrote "The Diary of Anne Dank: an imagining of what Anne Frank's life would've been like if she smoked weed"
Since becoming a fighting game player, ATM hasn't need to buy salt!
Atm once tried attacking the sun... But you'll have to ask him about it.
atm once drank an entire bottle of dish soap
ATM kidnaps women and harvests their skin
Atm is a cyborg superhero; ultra-high-pressure canisters surgically implanted in his abdomen allow him to pee like a 100,000 psi water jet cutter, bursting onto the scene of bank robberies like the fucking kool-aid man
Atm harasses content creators online
atm was fired from his job at the SCP Foundation for being really bad at the "contain" part. Also the fact that he is an SCP himself
atm's position and velocity can be calculated exactly and at the same time. That is because atm's position and velocity in the universe is always 0, for the universe moves around him
Be careful atm stays young by consuming people's birthdays, takes the whole year from them
The universe is expanding because ATM pushes all matter outward
atm sus
Why do birds suddenly appear every time atm is near? Because he's the Bird Master.
atm designs swimsuits for dogs
atm always cooperates with authorities
staring into atm's eyes for too long can make you go bald
atm was the car salesman that sold OJ Simpson the Ford Bronco from the famous car chase, it doesn't make him culpable in anything but its a neat connection
Atm has five testicles.
ATM has an attendant in his home bathroom
The secrecy of atm's meatball recipe is protected under Italian law
atm can charge a cellphone by clapping
Atm came up with the scoring system in tennis
Atm created the world's first computer powered entirely by femboys running in giant hamster wheels
atm started the Great Chicago Fire when he tossed a smoldering blunt into the Great Chicago Oily Rag Pile
atm once yelled "affix bayonets!" during a board meeting and lead an entire brigade of Confederate soldiers in a bayonet charge against the c-suite executives of LTH Holdings. No one is sure of his motivations, why he was there, where an entire Confederate soldiers came from or why they were Confederates but atm now owns LTH Holdings!
Nahanni Nature Preserve in Northern Canada is known as "The Valley of the Headless Men" because of supposed headless corpses found there but it actually got its name from atm's botched frontier circumcisions
atm gets unreasonably angry if you get the details of the oil refining process wrong in casual conversation
atm is like a bird, he mates for life
atm called me a slut and spat on me
ATM has a shrine dedicated to Chunky Kong.
atm is a rodeo clown
atm is the official jockstrap and cup tailor of the NHL
atm can teleport but only between public restrooms
ATM is still upset they cast tim allen to play Tim "The Toolman" Taylor, a character he birthed in 1963
atm is not forklift certified
atm is a certified forklift
Atm beat the devil in a fiddle contest. He had taken a LOT of coffee that day and his fingers were fiddling so hard the big man admitted defeat and handed him a golden starbucks gift card
atm beat the devil in a hotdog eating contest and won a Golden Corral
Atm beat the devil in asparagus eating contest and won the deed to Gold's Asparagus Farm, the 2nd largest asparagus farm in Nevada
atm beat the devil in a curry eating contest and won a lifetime's supply of Golden Curry
atm crashed a commercial flight into the Pacific because he could not find Hawaii, this story was adapted to the hit TV show Lost
ATM thought it was disrespectful to North Dakota to have Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. Thats why he hand sculpted Mount Morerush, hoping it would inspire the canadian prog rock band to make even more albums
atm is not allowed to watch children unsupervised because the last time he did he taught them to make pipe bombs
atm's favorite fruit is the humble banana
Atm used to be an adventurer like you until he took an arrow to the knee
all babies are born with an instinctual hatred of atm, they grow out of it around 6 months
atm has specially adapted feet for running across the surface of the water
atm got his finger stuck in the wall at chipotle
ATM owns a Laura Branigan themed golf course in Missouri named The Gloria Hole
Atm lives in a froghole
ATM watched the entire Snyder Cut of Justice League in 15 minutes.
atm is friends with Kim Kitsuragi.
atm is having a feud with Kim Kardashian.
atm is having a good day
atm is not having a good day
atm is a member of the beastie boys
atm won a Tony for his performance in Fiddler On The Roof
When ATM debuts as a VTuber, his greeting will be KonPoggers
atm was fired as a circus clown for being too funny
atm is still under crushing debt from clown college student loans, he got a PhD in clownology
atm supports statehood for DC
atm does not support statehood for Maryland
atm supports statehood because he is a statist
ATM is an intergalatic assassin who usually targets the british and alien equivalents.
atm thinks that any European country that has more than 100 blue crabs and/or Louisiana crawfish is legally American territory
atm poops
atm is a bug chaser, he travels around the world searching for rare and interesting insects and also STDs
atm hates you
atm has the largest collection of "Live, Laugh, Love" signs in Southern Missouri
ATM killed forty white women. That's as many as four tens. And that's epic.
"Do you have IBS? Ignorant Bitch Syndrome" -atm, to a judge during his war crimes trial
atm was briefly married to the statue of liberty in the early 1900s
atm reads titty manga for breakfast
atm only drinks breast milk
Rumor has it atm loves pie from Surrey
New Jersey's second largest export is atm traps that help you protect your property from atm and coyotes
Atm dances like everyone else. By detaching his arms and waving them around
atm keeps coming into conversations about BBQ and insisting that Connecticut has the best BBQ in the country. He isn't trolling, he honestly holds that opinion much to the befuddlement of Connecticutters
ATM is from Tennessee, because he's the only 10 I see :3
atm's soul is buried somewhere under the white mountains in New Hampshire
Old Man of the Mountain was actually atm's face, it was a Dorian Gray situation
atm is the goalie for, and only member of, the NHL team in saskatoon
after an incident involving atm and a drunken group of Mounties  in 1997, Saskatchewan was banned from having a NHL team until 2022
<a:atmbuc:812576424611282946><a:cumjhonty_gun_flip:812580246037069844>
atm can control minds during new moons when the antagonist to his powers is at it's weakest
A candid photo of ATM was posted on r/Bossfight, titled *Gamer Dad, Destroyer of Femoids*
atm "the 1488 chipmunk cat grand inquisitor big triple nickle lonely gay homo nintendo of the 13th principality of Mogue" the moon
"Phat's obsession with white women is... quite telling." - ATM
atm is the maneater Nelly Furtado warned you about
atm is 6'4
atm has transparent hair
atm is feeling a little bit bloated today, so be nice to him
atm was barbara streisand's social media manager
ATM is a toxic male. He secretes a vile poison enough to kill a rhino.
atm is a monotreme
Atm made me
atm is NOT a robot
america exists because atm still slumbers beneath Yellowstone
ATM prefers high fructose corn syrup over real sugar because it's more "American".
atm has a merth lab in his basement
atm is getting a sphincter extension
ATM min-maxes his burritos at Chipotle.
atm encouraged bean dad to make that tweet thread
atm was crowned king of Morgan Island, South Carolina. Its an island only inhabited by monkeys infected with herpes
atm owns Mount Kushmore, a weed shop in South Dakota that only sells strains based on major figures in American history, the John F Kush will blow your mind!
ATM hates women, and if he ever met one, he would surely be enraged.
atm has a degree in Russian lit
atm buys collector's editions of leftist works on Amazon and demands same day delivery of them
atm was shot 19 times by The Police
atm made a dating app for old people
atm was the 3rd member of Daft Punk, he was upgraded to 2nd member after the original 2nd member drowned in a pond while trying to catch frogs
atm writes op-eds for the Wall Street Journal
atm bases his voting choices off of how much big dick energy a candidate has
atm drove a taxi in Philadelphia from 1982-1996
uh oh! ATM has been banned from another African country! Shouldn't have taught those baboons to unionize if you wanted to continue visiting Uganda
atm has a tattoo of merth's face on his lower back, this is the first atm is hearing of this
atm had a licensed Rick from hit TV show Rick & Morty impersonator at his last birthday party
atmologists use ancient Applebee's as archeological indicators of where ancient atms lived
atm once ripped a nazi in half
atm makes incredible salsa
atm can unclog a toilet in less than 10 seconds with minimal casualties
ATM sorts people into S and M, Soy and MAGA.
Atm still is on the fence about trench warfare
Atm puts denim tires on his car because he says it gives him a comfortable ride
Atm has a back tattoo that reads "PROUDE MARINE MOM"
You should never ask atm where he is. Ask him when he is as he sees time and space as a singular plane and can't tell them apart.
the Kardashian family owns a piece of atm's soul
ATM has a strong claim to the Swedish throne
there is a monster that lives under atm's bed, it has the body of a serpent and the face and voice of Peter Griffin
atm is the cool dad, he lets his kids cuss and join street gangs
atm was the inspiration for Gandalf
Atm thinks the moon landing in 2001: a space oddysey was faked
ATM runs a pro-wrestling themed sandwich shop in Hollywood,Florida. His "Hulk Hoagie" is a massive seller.
atm's favorite starter pokemon is Ringo Starr
White people ruined @ℒℯ 『atm』
atm is making a fighting game where the characters are US presidents
atm's favorite fantasy novel is "lord of the rings the twin towers"
atm's favorite sci-fi novel is George Bush's biography
atm has played a corpse in 97 episodes of NCIS
atm drives a DeLorean and has a mullet
Atm lives his life a quarter of a country mile at a time
Atm is an irish setter
atm's real name is Beethoven's 5th Symphony
atm keeps getting banned from bounce house rental companies
every inflatable tube man in front of used car dealers was created in the image of atm
Atm sets his radio to a numbers station to help him sleep at night
"I'm a boomer, I'm a zoomer, I'm a midnight coomer" - ATM
atm is just overall a swell guy
ATM is The Library of Congress's only hentai archivist.
atm can eat 4 whole rotisserie chickens in one sitting
atm's PhD thesis was about which breeds of dogs would be able to say the n-word
atm does a flawless American accent
Atm is the result of political correctness gone mad
Atm's favorite food is butter.
atm wrote a musical about his life, it won a Tony
atm posted the first cringe
Atm posted the first based
atm is homophobic, he doesn't have an issues with gay people but he hates the *Homo* genus
ATM spends his winters teaching seals how to belly dance.
atm was a street urchin in Victorian London, he died of the consumption
ATM is only allowed in Trinidad OR Tobago, never both.
ATM owns a corn soup stall in San Fernando, Trinidad. It's a late night favorite with the locals.
ATM was the bowler for Carribean Premier league Cricket team, The Tobago Knight Riders from 2017-2019.
ATM's real name is Pradeep Samraj Singh. Obviously his real name would interfere with his budding Soca career so he had to change it.
atm always says he's black on job applications
ATM hates Guyana.
Atm continues to blast "we're not gonna take it" from his car audio whenever he's pulled over, despite the trouble it's caused him
atm is one of Obama's horcruxes
atm once made the mistake of challenging LBJ to a dick measuring contest
"Yeah, I'm epic. || Eternally || Peeing || In || Canada" || - ATM
Joseph McCarthy began his crusade against communism under the advisement of ATM
in an alternate universe, atm forced merth and joseph mccarthy to participate in team-building exercises together
atm's secret family guacamole recipe is to die for (it contains drain cleaner)
Atm likes Family Guy
21 of the major arcanas are actually made to represent an aspect of atm.
atm was jesus's favorite disciple, and was possibly even romantically involved with him
atm was fired from his job at the Honey Nut Cheerios factory on the first day
atm has a "my other car is a TARDIS" bumper sticker on his '97 Honda Civic, its actually true in his case
atm has a recipe to make 0.1% pure crystal meth
atm is a bouncer at a strip club in Salt Lake City, Utah called The Church of the Latter-Day Taints. The Mormons are pissy about it but what are those nerds gonna do?
atm is the first and only person to get sentenced to death in the state of Missouri over unpaid parking tickets
Atm is the father of breadtube
Atm has a sturgeon fetish
when bored, atm plays monopoly against himself and always gets upset because he never gets the dog game piece
ATM is swagsexual, he is only attracted to Soulja Boy Tell`em
atm red lines at 90 rpm
atm always knows when its 4:20
atm makes the same Face/Off joke every time he's playing cards and draws a Jack
atm has no feet
atm yells the n-word where ever he goes to make ghosts uncomfortable so they'll leave
atm is currently naked in a Long John Silver's
atm invented the CD-ROM
ATM's yearbook quote reads "why do they call them burgers they don't even burg"
ATM's favorite metal gear character is Nikita Khrushchev
atm eats neosporin on toast
Atm calls all of his friends homie because when he's around them it feels just like home 🏡 ☕ 🪡
atm is a leading iCarly scholar
atm was the executive producer on 100 Good Deeds For Eddie McDowd
atm likes his ice cream like he likes his soup
ATM was once known as "Three Nipples Montgomery" during his pirating days, he had a monopoly on the sugar trade in the Caribbean.
Historians will tell you Trinidad is named after the three mountains of the north coast, it's actually named after his three nipples.
The tri-state area is also named after ATM's nipples
you can e-mail atm at info@hermaincain4president.org
Atm was a famous socialite in antebellum Georgia
Atm is a glitch pokemon
Atm is *really* into Harry Potter
it was atm's idea to make it canon that before toilets were invented, witches and wizards in the Potterverse just shit on the floor
ATM’s Hogwarts house is Atriedes
Atm killed the radio star. He currently is fleeing 3 life sentences in the UK for this.
"you know, if you don't think about it very hard, Harry Potter and Dune are basically the same story" -atm, shortly before merth's aneurysm
Atm started a change.org petition to get Washington DC renamed to Washington ATM
Atm started a change.org petition to get Washington BC [sic] renamed to Washington AD because "the future is now"
Atm wants clerks to scan his items one by one because of electrical interfettence
Scientifically, atm is classified as a Homo
atm runs a bald eagle sanctuary, not by choice they just keep showing up in his yard
atm bought the Seattle Sounders, he kept the name but drastically changed the theme
atm is a Calvinist, good luck guessing which Calvin!
Atm was director and producer for Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
when threatened, atm can inflate his scalp like a balloon and gently float away
ATM was invited back to the Justice League for a second stint after how much they missed his cooking. While Martian Manhunter still did not return his feelings, ATM started a strong and healthy relationship with Booster Gold.
atm helped Amazon develop the new Driver Catheter, so that drivers don't have to piss in bottles anymore
atm invented the shrimp taco in 1974
Atm has a collection of serrated butterfly knives worth more than $40,000.
atm directed a porn parody called Kubo and the G-String
every hour atm sleeps is another hour closer the Chimp That Never Sleeps and Wants to Eat ATM's Face gets to reaching atm and eating his face
atm is all dressed up to go to the theater with his wife and wimpy little son tonight, hope that little bitch doesn't get scared and need to leave suddenly through the back door!
Atm is Zooey Deschanel's brother
atm has washboard abs, it took him a while to find a doctor mad enough to do the surgery
ATM's body is actually a vtuber's avatar. Nobody has ever seen the real atm controlling him
much like the female praying mantis, atm lays eggs
Atm has bionic eyes in the back of his head, but they can't see anything because they are underneath the skin
ATMinem is the greatest rapper of all time
atm is really lovely, underneath it all
Atm hacked my phone
Atm has kept count of every life he's taken. He calls them his Last Hits
"Ooga booga" - ATM, roleplaying as a goblin character
atm invented the pizza roll in 1448, the Catholic church burned him at the stake over it
atm is my little pogchamp
After a few years, ATM discovered Booster Gold was cheating on him with Blue Beetle. ATM was left devastated but with the help of Hawkgirl and Wonder Woman was able to get back on his feet and created some of his best dishes.
atm legally changed his name to Unidentified White Male so he'd be harder to google for background checks
atm uncritically supports Andorran independence
ATM has been the deep state president for the past 14 years
The name christina was invented because atm couldn't decide between chris and tina
atm reads literature
Atm's yearbook quote read "Please do NOT give milk to this man after 8pm"
if you give an atm a cookie he'll be thankful instead of demanding more shit like that stupid mouse
atm owns approximately 13k heads of cattle.
ATM doesn't use pronouns or even nouns. [ ] doesn't want the fey to have power over him.
After being scapegoated and thrown away to a miserable life after the Exxon Valdez incident, atm finally got a job on a ship again with Ever Green shipping
atm got pronouned once
atm gets his spaghetti custom made by ancient pastasmiths in Milan, he special orders one 30 meter long noodle of spaghetti that he can cook as one and slurp continuously over the course of 3 hours
"where we're going we don't need eyes to see" -atm after throwing acid in merth's eyes on their way to Long John Silver's
atm set his facebook status to "its complicated" immediately after the first plane hit the first tower on 9/11
atm doesn't show up in mirrors because they're afraid
Atm has been a stand-in for every spice girl at different points in time.
every night atm ties some yarn around his wrist, its a comfort thing his mom taught him as a kid to help with his nightmares so that "if he ever got stuck in a scary dream he could follow the yarn back out". He knows it doesn't mean anything now but it gives him comfort and seems to help with the bad dreams. Until last night. || Last night atm woke up in a cold sweat with a deep sense of terror, when he turned on the light he found that the yarn was gone except for a small length that led from his wrist to to a corner in his bedroom that always seemed to be in shadow no matter how much light was shown at it.
contrary to popular belief, atm controls the tides
atm doesn't have a normal heart beat, if you listen with a stethoscope, you can hear a lovely steel drums beat coming from his heart
atm organized a "stop the steel" rally in Pittsburgh that was well attended by environmentalists and Trump supporters that misread the name.
Jesus stumbled 3 times while carrying the cross up the hill because atm, who was already crucified and had been up on the cross for 3 months, kept heckling him
Atm gatekeeps the underworld
After almost 20 years of disgrace after his failure to protect John Lennon at his job as a security guard, he got a second chance guarding George Harrison at his Friar Park home
atm smokes American Spirits
atm got fired from his job at the Auschwitz-Birkenau Memorial and Museum for generally doing a pretty crappy job and also accidentally knocking over the ticket booth with a maintenance cart
atm has a queef problem
atm is verified on twitter
atm's twitter is <https://twitter.com/82T79>, give him a follow today!
atm can breathe underwater for about 3 minutes
atm has wet bones
Atm is secretly Jay Leno
Atm is a rabiosexual
Atm is frigid
Atm once jumped head first into the mona lisa to enter a Mario level
Atm cannot shittalk U2 unless you pay him to do it. He just simply can't do it pro bono
Atm runs a forum for cheating at Mario Party
atm taught Genghis Khan how to dougie
atm remembers middle school as some of the best years of his life
atm was expelled from home schooling for selling drugs to other students
"want to imagine the future? Just imagine a ventroloquist dummy laughing in your closet forever" -atm, on what motivates him to build a better world for his children
atm is the only thing keeping the English down, if he lets go England will float into space
honestly, atm has really sexy legs
Atm strips at a a James Bond themed gay strip club under the name Bussy Galore
Atm thinks Phil Collins lives inside his Sega Genesis which is why every time he boots it up he makes sure to input A B A C A B
atm's gender is disaster
Atm swapped majors from water spraying boutonniere-ology to Pie in the Face gags in clown college when he couldn't make a 300 ft shot with his water spraying boutonniere
Andrew WK once confided in Atm that he was addicted to partying and cannot stop. Atm's response was "can't stop addicted to the shindig"
atm spermjacked phat and gave his seed to the goblin queen in order to raise an army of half-goblins for his world domination plan
atm is the strongest barber in all of san marino
this isn't even atm's final form
atm wishes Howl's Moving Castle had more fan service
Atm is a depression denier. He denies the Great Depression ever happened...but he wishes it did
Atm and his cult believe that all life in the universe exists solely for the pursuit of humiliation and embarrassment as a kink
atm only wears track suits
ATM has the only betamax tape of Macintosh Plus.
Atm once traveled back in time and killed Hitler. When he returned he was horrified to see that Plan 9 from Outer Space is never made if Hitler dies before WW2 starts. He quickly corrected this.
atm was the original voice actor for Woody from Toy Story but was ultimately fired when it became too difficult for Pixar to edit around all the ad libbed slurs and cuss words
Atm was already on thin ice after constantly singing the toy story theme song wrong. He would sing "you've got a boyfriend in me"
Dogs love atm cuz he's crazy sniffable
atm invented the dab. Not the dance move, the concentrated THC wax that FUCKS YOU UP
atm is a master Russian ballet dancer
atm sometimes goes to bed wondering how they managed to sneak trains underground during the underground railroad
ATM pays women to queef in a bottle, which he then condenses into queef water, which he lets evaporate, leaving behind a very very thin layer of queef residue. He does this many times over until he has a thick layer of residue, then he scrapes it out, powders it, and sells it to rich kids for thousands of japanese yen a pop.
Atm laid the carpet in every Marriot convention center on the eastern seaboard
atm laid on the carpet in every motel in northern Vermont
atm stole the principals credit card and ordered spaghetti for the whole school but forgot to purchase any meatballs
atm is a carjacker, no not like that
ATM never aims when he takes a piss.
atm's first words were "Father, was this wise?"
atm knows the answer to "Doctor? Who?"
ATM's favorite slur is "Peluka".
ATM’s ideal sheet thread count is 350000
Atm is euphoric right now
ATM learns new magic spells by eating his enemies.
In this moment, ATM is euphoric. Not because of any phony god's blessing. But because, he is enlightened by his intelligence.
Sometimes atm makes up entire parties with signs everywhere that no one is actually invited to. This is in fact just an excuse to order a lot of party subs and not look weird. All he wants is to sleep on a bed of party subs so that he can keep that sweet sweet subway perfume
atm was born fully grown, just deflated
ATM's favorite animal is also his favorite super mario rule 34 search. Capybara
atm has TERF bangs, one in 12 gauge and the other in 9mm
atm set up his computer so it will project whats on the screen like he's in a 90s hacker movie
The famous 3D maze that was on Windows 95 was actually inspired by Atm as he made his way through a maze in an experiment to reach the grand prize of a physical copy of ET the game for the Atari 2600
atm directed a porno called "12 Horny Men" where a hung jury has to determine if Johnny Twink is still innocent after a long and hot trial
Every time ATM attends a breech birth, he releases a glitter bomb at the moment of emergence
Atm donates semen every other week. He is presumed to have more offspring than Genghis Khan
atm has a buff obama pillow he nicknamed Bara Obama
everyone has a personal heaven and hell, for atm his personal heaven is an Applebee's with great service and all his friends and family are there in one wonderful afterlife with all you can eat ribs. His personal hell is a realm guided by the facts we make up here.
Get Out (2017) by Jordan Peele was inspired by a rejected script written by ATM that was basically the same movie, except the white people were the protagonists
ATM loves helping his friends study for their prostate exams.
the satanic bible in obama's stomach pouch was hand copied by atm
Atm has four hundred legs
Atm has homework to do
ATM dated Luigi for 3 months.
the original king kong movie was inspired by atm climbing a tree to get away from the mall cops after he ran with someone else's food court burrito
atm's yearbook quote was about ethics in video game journalism
Atm claims he met Super Mario in real life but every time someone asks him for a picture he just shows a picture of the janitor at the local Olive Garden
atm was the 8th dwarf
atm gives his friends Bibles as gifts
atm modeled all of the frog kigurumis on amazon
Atm is fanously known as Anonymous
Man goes to doctor. Says he's depressed. Says life seems harsh and cruel. Says he feels all alone in a threatening world where what lies ahead is vague and uncertain. Doctor says, "Treatment is simple. Great clown ATM is in town tonight. Go and see him. That should pick you up." Man bursts into tears. Says, "But doctor...I am ATM.”
Atm's finishing move is BattleFierceBeam
Atm has never watched the Simpsons but knows every single moe szyslak line
Atm thinks yogi bear and yugi oh are brothers
Atm orders his amiibos by hotness. Yoshi is currently ranked first
Atm met with the pope and showed him his Lucina amiibo
atm has never flown before because normally he just uses the public bathroom teleportation network but due to pandemic-related closures, the only 2 public toilets in use are Reagan and Thatcher's graves
Atm served as a civilian on a nimitz class carrier through 2017-2018 as the anchor
Atm can't swim
Atm only kisses swordfish
atm's swimsuit fell off on a water slide in 1998, he's been slowly hunting down everyone that witnessed it since then
ATM is pansexual, he is not allowed in any professional kitchens because of it.
ATM has a Supreme branded prostate
ATM's nipples are actually ball bearings
atm has been protesting outside Kennedy Space Center for 3 years demanding they launch him into space so he can beat up God
atm burns cars in the street and tells the police he's just celebrating his French heritage
Atm doesn’t feel pain, any pain he would feel is felt by his quantum-locked twin in space Missouri
Akinator never guesses ATM successfully
atm is an outcase, to be shaunned
atm likes his women like he likes his wine, white and Australian
atm has a "my other car is a '97 Honda Civic" bumper sticker on his TARDIS, in his case its actually true
atm has gingivitis
atm gives unsolicited advice to strangers about what to do if your bank robbery goes wrong and you find yourself with hostages and negotiating with the police
atm is my boyfriend
The C in ATM stands for Coomer
atm would have voted for obama a third time
atm has gout. sorry.
Atm shouts "check out my sound cloud" whenever he's about to fart
ATM solved the Fermi Paradox with his penis, and not the way you think he did!
ATM is Naan-Binary.
ATM’s bathroom has a bouncer and cover charge
atm calls women "broads"
atm will never forgive Cuba "for what they did to Hemingway" which is quite odd as Hemingway had a famously good relationship with Cuba and Castro and it was probably the US government not allowing Hemingway to return to Cuba that lead to his suicide
ATM farted and didn't excuse himself.
atm is microwave safe
atm doesn't look a thing like Jesus
The the the CUNT || hello??? Was to be || become by GAMERS, || but upon the streets of || DELHI, ~~then~~ ten stones || were to be t'rown upon || he, ADAM
ATM is the patron saint of the clinically insane
ATM got petite feet, feminine steps.
ATM smokes weed.
When atm walks he never actually touches the ground he is always hovering an eight of an inch above every surface
atm has a rude dude attitude
atm doesn't go to movie theaters. Not since the Birth of a Nation incident.
Atm played white supremacist in white robe #5 in Birth of a Nation. Interestingly, he arrived to the set in costume.
Atm only wants to live in houses with carpeted bathrooms
atm pronounces Biden and bidet the same way
atm films himself moving the Bible to the fiction section and posts it on his youtube channel then posts the video to r/atheism
Atm makes cum tributes to biblical figures, he ejaculates on relevant bible passages and then posts them on twitter @pontifex
ATM shows Wonder Showzen to toddlers
Atm doesn't think all cops are bastards. Only the female ones
"Is ATM a coomer? Check out this picture of his penis" - every you tube video
"Attack "ATM" the Moon would definitely be embarrassed about the smell of his rancid feces" - Anonymous Admirer
atm has been convicted
Atm runs a LGBT history trivia channel named Did you know Gaymen
atm deliberately mispronounces people's names
Atm has a "Proud mom of a nonverbal dog" sticker on his car
@ℒℯ 『atm』 loves Hades
ATM sneezes hot fleek
Despite never playing sports in his life, ATM has athlete's foot.
ATM leases his legs to Jordan B. Peterson
atm's preferred drink is gin and chocolate milk
when atm says he'll make you eat those words he means it literally. He once force-fed someone every lyric from Limp Bizkit's Nookie
atm has been lobbying NASA for decades to get them to formally recognize the first person to masturbate on the Moon
Atm puts the "fungi" in NFTs
ATM is concerned about Ariana Grande's menstrual rhythm
atm runs a geocities website where he reviews mini fridges
atm posts naked pictures of cats on the internet
ATM starred in The King of Quee*s
Atm is perforated for easy tear off
ATM despises gnomes so fucking much.
ATM rose to become the Don of the local mafia so he can freely give the kiss of death to anyone he wants
atm is phat's great uncle twice removed
atm wishes he were in the land of cotton so he could go on a slaver murder spree
ATM puts a "G" infront of the N-word to signify he's talking about gnomes.
ATM did surgery on a grape.
Atm is famous for his kentucky woodlands discovery and naming of the bolivian screaving frog
atm is a theater kid
atm listens to Christmas music year-round
Atm thinks that roids, in a bodybuilding context, refers to hemorroids
For two years, ATM's diet consisted of whatever free samples he could get at Costco.
atm rates every game on a scale from 0 to bubsy
atm is responsible for at least half of every real number
Atm is notorious trapper attending furcons
The sound windows makes when you unplug a USB device is a recording of ATM sleeping.
atm passes you the boof, what do you do?
atm has a theme song that plays every time he walks into a building
atm can manifest gills for 2 hours by texting his family's group chat "I'm gonna fuck a dolphin so hard right now and theres nothing PETA can do to stop me!"
Atm made a bit of a blunder while doing a presentation during assembly, mistakenly referencing Harriet Tubgirl
atm likes to shotgun beers, crush the can against his head and yell "lets goooooo!" at the start of elementary school class he teaches
atm has a silver allergy which isn't suspicious at all
Once in awhile, ATM's wife lets them push the beds together.
All ATM facts were written in 1845
atm has one of those hairless rats that you have to moisturize
Atm is afraid of the number 8
atm once came home and found that his family had moved out while he was gone, they left a not explaining how much they hated him but lucky for atm, he was only 4 years old and couldn't read
Atm watched the entirety of Leaving Neverland and gave it a bad rating because it had nothing to do with Peter Pan
Atm thinks you should tip your landlord
atm has a Subway credit card. It has a $1500 limit and 299% APR and he maxes it out every month on black olives
atm drives on the middle side of the road
Phat: Amogus is the meme of the year || ATM, smirking: Nope! Chuck Testa
Atm convinced his Classic WoW guild to let him have Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker as a priest
atm lobbied to get Harry Potter banned from his local school district cuz it fucking sucks
atm wrote and directed the Star Wars Christmas Special and blackmailed George Lucas into releasing it under his name.
atm doesn't type in qwerty. He types in mzzvjqp, which has no vowels and 13 Chinese characters that change every time you use them
atm is a Soy Boy: one of 17 new young men who are tasked with increasing the popularity of soy
atm has a pet tomato plant
atm has been circulating a fake memo in the Department of Agriculture from President Reagan since 1983 where he calls corn "pretty boring"
atm is the manufacturing labor base in Tianjin, China
atm took first place in the world competitive tie-dying championships
atm can bake a potato using only will power
atm fixed my clock by correcting time itself
atm is plotting a catholic coup of the English monarchy
atm nailed Martin Luther 99 times
every time you use the ATM, the fee it charges goes to atm || he uses the money on his Neopet
atm will always love you
atm is an intern at the wwf
the only fact truly knowable about atm is that we all talk about atm
atm thinks "KKK" is an off-chain KFC
atm supports antidisestablishmentarianism
atm was shot by the police again
atm resonates at a frequency of 42069 femtohertz
atm is the reason for federal tort reform
atm is currently laying siege to Venice. He is the water
atm has a weirdly specific beef with Hemingway for "being a lefty cuck who memed about WWI being terrible" when "really it wasn't that bad"
atm sank the Titanic when he shifted his dummy thicc ass too far to one side
atm has been intimately involved in some weirdly specific events in history
atm has a crush on you
atm will crush you
The character of Tina Belcher on Bob's Burgers is partially inspired by ATM. Specifically his lust for butts.
atm can bench press a chair and chair press a bench
atm tried to lobby JFK to make Taco Tuesday a national holiday to which he responded with "we need that like I need a hole in my head". Atm bought tickets to Dallas the very next day
atm refers to himself as "First Citizen"
atm has a very nuanced position on slavery
atm heard the word "nuance" and was excited about the new ants
atm is always down to clown (look at John Wayne Gacy paintings)
atm can make the desert wet
of the original 72 clones, only 17 atms are still operational, and of those 17 only 2 are not at the bottom of the ocean
atm watches twink-weight MMA cage fighting
atm clips his toenails on public transportation
atm is forever young and beautiful. His Facebook profile photo continues to age and wear, however
atm was confused when his Costco subscription didn't come with feet pics
atm is the one true King of Denmark
atm stole the show. Please contact police if you see this man or have knowledge of his whereabouts. There is a $10,000 reward.
atm has spent 13 years trying to get his gaming desk _perfectly_ level. He has to constantly adjust it by nanometers due to the shifting of the earth under his house
atm can fully process and expel 17 microwave burritos per minute
atm has a ranking of all the gems from Steven Universe from most to least bangable, you won't believe number 6!
atm got hit by a bus in San Francisco in 1996
atm wrote the script for Speed after ripping a line of meth and stealing a school bus before flipping it on the runway of Denver International Airport. Most of the kids survived
ATM thinks Garrosh Hellscream had some good points
ATM once found a country where communism works and informed the CIA about it for a reward of a $50 gift card to Pizza Ranch
70% of atm's mass is below his knees
atm is N+1-jointed in N-dimensional space
atm n-joys and n-word
atm is currently engaged in trench warfare against Christmas
atm has performed amazing feets
atm is smarter than your average bear
atm has been eating a pie since 1873
atm's final words before the fumes and flames overtook him and his coworkers was "what the fuck is a shirtwaist anyway!"
In second grade atm asked the teacher "Mom can I go take a poop?"
atm is very impressionable
atm once suplexed a train
"ATM and the Baby Joint" is ATM's best-selling children's book
atm screaves when he should've scruvved
atm can sense when a goat is about to go into heat
atm likes police procedurals
atm thought both sides in the Civil War had valid points
Atm thinks anal sex is a roguelike dungeon crawler
atm is a stool reader
the atm 4's release date is June 5th! Get excited for the new and improved atm!
atm is currently leading a cavalry charge against Russian artillery
atm has never met a German-American he likes
atm is best experienced in Internet Explorer 5
atm is known as "The Chalk Duster" to those who have had the displeasure of viewing the aftermath
atm's biology remains a scientific mystery
atm insists that a hand-grenade is a valid solution for Rubik's cubes
atm has tomatoes growing on his toes
atm is classified as a Monsoon-influenced temperate oceanic climate
Atm slammed his laptop shut as his mother walked in on him watching Clifford the Big Red Hog
the q in atm stands for "Henry"
atm's wife Melissa is pregnant with their 3rd child
atm is half English and a quarter
Atm reportedly dabbed when Julius Caesar got stabbed
atm is currently fighting to preserve his local mall as a nationally historic place
atm has been fighting the British since 1812
atm is the inspiration of the folktale of "Johnny Appleseed," but somehow the story of atm spreading his seed across America didn't take in its original form
atm is the only person to be both President of the United States and President of our Hearts simultaneously
atm is the son and the heir of a shyness that is criminally vulgar
atm was a founding member of his high school Family Guy Club
atm is incredibly insensitive to Civil War memorials. You won't believe what he did to the Manassas National Battlefield Park
atm isn't addicted to drinking brake fluid, he can stop anytime he wants
atm is up to bat, bottom of the 9th, bases loaded, 3 outs and the score is 9-1. He doesn't seem to realize the game ended 17 hours ago
atm teaches a course on Skill Share on manufacturing jenkem
phat: *farts into trumpet* || atm: this banger has no right to bop this hard
atm's hair routine takes 2 hours every morning and he does it while blasting 80s pop music
atm has a metal hair band, but he won't tell you in what sense
atm's DnD character is just atm. He eats the dice and poos them out on the table to roll them. His character sheet is made of Egyptian cotton and he failed stats twice
ATM took *Grease* too literally, so now he always styles his hair with straight bacon grease
Dogs love ATM
ATM worships an anthill in his backyard
while helping Jesus and George Washington write the Bible, atm suggested that it include more dirty jokes, the other 2 writers voted against this
atm can trace his lineage back to German immigrants to Argentina in the 1940s and 1950s
atm has what assologists call a "honky tonk donk"
atm is the only person to be cast in metal, for a major motion picture, and overboard
atm puts up missing posters for cats he'd like to have and just lets the community do the work
atm likes to oat opplos and bononos
atm is an aspiring thespian
no matter how many times he's changed phone numbers, e-mail addresses and physical addresses, atm still wakes up to a dick pic from Shia LeBouf every morning
atm has been blasting high powered radio signals of Family Guy Funny Moments compilation videos towards the nearest star system that can possibly support life
atm is kept buying Seth MacFarlane drinks on the night of September 10th, 2001 so he'd be too hungover to fly the next day thereby saving him from dying on 9/11 and making it so Seth could continue to make Family Guy Funny Moments for decades to come
atm has a lot of blood. In jars in his basement
ATM hacked J.K. Rowling's twitter account in 2011 and has been controlling it since in an attempt to disgrace her and promote his own book series, starting with his 1998 novel *When I turned eleven a big dwarf told me that I was going to Wizard School and that I had like millions of dollars worth of Wizard Coins in the Wizard Bank*
"EGGS? In FOOD? You will die" - ATM
atm is still waiting for the bus
atm is always DTF (Down To Fish)
atm is always DTF (District Ten Froghunter)
Atm is piezoresistive, when you bend him his resistance changes
atm can sing in perfect pitch to any song, but a whole step down
all atm are strays. you cannot domesticate him
atm has been DDoSing the German Government since WW1
atm is the regional manager for the Pacific North West
atm is a self-proclaimed MILF
atm trusts soft furry animals but not short red-headed women who frown and growl
atm insists that trail mix is a salad
when atm says he'll shoot the shit he means it literally. he has a skeet shooting field where all the projectiles are feces
atm sacked Rome. As in, he tea-bagged Rome
!! ALERT !! || ATM has been arrested for the murder of 30-50 feral hogs! || !! ALERT !!
atm once rolled merth into a croissant
atm is a USDA Certified hunk of beef
atm thinks the isosceles triangle is the sexiest triangle
atm has 14 ankles
ATM haggles his weed dealer.
atm grinds his antlers into a tea sometimes
ATM is Beyoncé's choreographer.
atm's nose has reverse Pinocchio properties. Big if true.
Atm invented the French Dip, wherein following a flush, you dip your paper in the fresh water for a final pass.
atm has read every 20th verse of the 4th chapter of every book in the Bible, but only those verses
atm puts the "simp" in "symptom"
atm can't spell "symptom"
atm is <:based:831931312872226837>
atm is <:cringe:831931313044062279>
atm is <:darkpiss:719631793262690345>
atm adopts a new feral raccoon every three months with the intent to domesticate them, but he always ends up going feral instead
atm is the inspiration you feel on a cool midsummer night, and the oppression you feel during the darkest darks of winter
"My name is atm, king of kings. Look upon these twerks ye mighty and despair"
every morning, atm helps himself to a nice steaming hot cup of organic, free range soy sauce
the largest number ever is the number of atm facts that have been created
Atm designed custom switches for his mechanical keyboard that are extra loud
Atm designed custom switches for his bedroom that are extra gay
when atm sees a sad cat, his heart sinks, his gallbladder ovens, his thyroid toilets, and his liver garbage disposals
atm can't be solved in polynomial time
“One ring to rule them all” was actually a typo. It was supposed to be “One ring to rule atm”
ATM purposely ignores <@96740812448092160>'s pings because he thinks it's funny to see him react.
ATM owns the world's most famous gazebo
atm is against literacy campaigns because he hates the metric system
ATM has a womb tattoo that says "Tater Tots only"
Atm runs a hospice for the Innocence of cute woodland creatures
Atm got second place in the annual “Shiniest Ball Bearing” at the 2009 La Porte Indiana county fair
atm is incapable of feeling emotions that contain the letter "I"
during the Battle of Verdun, atm threw a hand grenade into an entrenched enemy position and killed 36 Germans. Then the grenade went off and killed 13 more
atm lead an attack against the Siegfried Line in April 1987
atm is known as "The Ham Handler" to his closest partners in crime
ATM is the "reason for the season" (he caused global warming)
atm thinks assassination sounds great. What's so bad about something with two asses?
atm is being literal when he says he nukes his lunch
atm's favorite anime is Assassination Classroom because of his freaky obsession with the assassination of JFK
atm was consulted by the Warren Commission  and corrected several minor details, like what the hair on the back of JFK's neck looked like
atm gets super mad if you say the CIA killed JFK, he considers it stolen valor
atm actually missed, he meant to kill Jackie O so him and JFK could finally have the gay relationship they always wanted
atm and Henry Kissinger are both still alive and both expect us to believe they are different people
atm can find yam
atm is the inspiration for Hamlet _and_ Henry the Eighth
ATM murdered Cringe Ass Nae Nae Baby in cold blood.
ATM is so catholic, he's Nun-Binary
atm puts the nails in snails
ATM’s dreams always pass the Bechdel test
atm's table is disabled and he can't put anything on it until he reenables it
atm is proud to be an American where at least he knows he's free and he won't forget the men who died to give that right to him
atm remembers exactly where he was on 9/10/2001 at 3:34 in the afternoon
atm did 9/11 and then put on his firefighter uniform
atm steals all the napkins from Subway and then sells them to the McDonald's across the street
atm takes 2 hours to order his sandwich at Subway
atm went back in time and introduced Ben Franklin to erotic Sonic fan fiction
atm is the frontman of a Tool cover band named Stool
atm wrote a children's book about loving yourself and accepting people for their differences, critics think the message is good and useful but they widely panned the book for the main character being Hitler
atm dated Angela Merkel in the 70s
atm used to live in the sewers under NYC, he did know the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and they were not on good terms
atm has a patent on an "Ass Kicking Machine"
atm has a storage unit in Baltimore where he keeps the real Obama from the lizard version of Earth and the gun atm used to assassinate all 7 JFKs
ATM once ate an entire pizza...hut
the place where that atm found a really cool looking turtle shell is on the National Register of Historic Places
Atm is a faygo
Atm blinded me with science
ATM is a dead beat dad. He let his son die on the cross for us.
atm is still not convinced the heliocentric model of the solar system is correct, the model that shows how things revolve around the Earth is much simpler and logical in his mind
atm is a himbo pog daddy
atm can eat an onion faster than you can say "jesus christ that dude just ate a fucking onion in 3 seconds!"
atm is the farter, the cum and a pack of American Spirits
atm is a leading historian of Negro League baseball because he thinks the preservation and recognition of it is important and a shameful part of our country's segregationist past shouldn't be hidden
atm has discovered at least 15 0-day exploits in Windows, but he never releases them
atm was the captain of the titanic, but only before it set sail
There is only one science: ATMology
atm go blerhhhhh
atm is
atm runs an organized time syndicate
ATM's veins are clogged with pure grease and cheese.
ATM wrote for Family Guy from 2014-2017.
Early Family Guy is heavily inspired from ATM's time as a fisherman in Rhode Island.
ATM beats up British children as his civic duty.
ATM runs a hotel for squirrels.
Atm cradled an egg well into his pants, he had taken it from the kitchen and plied it with the conviction of a mother hen. The look on his mother's face inspired a tragic moment of pun insight, apropos the egg. He exclaimed "I can eggsplain!!" || "Please don't", she said, Grimace on her face. She handed atm a Big Mac, and there was a crack.
the number of shirts that atm is wearing at any given moment is in a state of quantum fluctuation
Atm has a nuclear football. He kept it after he scored a touchdown with it
atm prefers mud hockey to ice hockey
atm still makes youtube epic fail compilation videos
"Okay, this is epic." - ATM on *Avengers: Infinity War*
ATM only uses 1 ply toilet paper because anything thicker "is for girls" and "isn't abrasive enough to deal with the crust"
ATM submits his own vlogs to America's Funniest Home Videos
Atm tried to run a gay porn site named America's funniest homo video. It failed due to an unfortunate Bob Saget pun in his username
When making coffee or tea, ATM always makes sure to use the hottest tap water.
atm runs the only remaining Rainforest Cafe in Boodleboff, WY
ATM has glow-in-the-dark scabs
atm uses the pages from a Bible as rolling papers and posts about it on Instagram
ATM has 2999 problems, and we caused them all.
Atm claims to have the world's first prostate massaging robot but in fact it is simply a stand mixer
Atm implemented SMTP on his prostate so that he could message it
"I've been secretly sprinkling my scabs on ATM's food for years, and he hasn't noticed yet." - Anonymous
atm's go to Subway order is the used gloves from the trash with mayo on footlong Italian
atm can cling to walls and shit like a gecko
atm can recite the Bible from memory in Latin
atm brags about having read the Communist Manifesto in "its original Russian"
atm is from Georgia and won't say which one
atm admires John Wilkes Booth for his ambition. 26 years old and he lives on in the memory of every American
there are 29 recognized subspecies of atm
atm is known as the "Cincinnati Kid" because he is the son of Cincinnatus
Atm's source code is available on the humble bundle website
atm once robbed a family of squirrels. He was able to get $60 for the flat screen TV
atm did shots with JFK
atm has a weird obsession with JFK and Obama, its definitely him and not 2 poorly socialized people that he knows
atm █████████████████████ on the day of April ██, 1967, near the Cambodian-Laos Border. Believing that ███████ would not be able to re-enforce ████████, atm lead ██████ to ████ and ████████████. At 11:38 in the afternoon, atm and █████████ engaged ██████████ and ██████████. After a brief firefight, ███████ and █████████. The NVA ███████████████████████████████████. CIA ████████████. The ████████████ of ████ where 17 civilians ███████████████.
atm made JFK pull out of Vietnam, and JFK never pulls out
atm fought in the Winter War of 42. He was the snow
atm refuses to recognize Taiwan
atm doesn't know you
Atm thinks the moon is an egg and his hatred towards it is because he's angry he can't eat the moon yolk
atm has an exhibit of a man eating chicken. It's just atm eating KFC
atm has a pet V2 rocket
atm has an dry cleaning shop that focuses on exotic fabric and respectfully cleaning material from other cultures in a sensitive manner. He doesn't understand why "Ethnic Cleansing" isn't getting the business it should be
atm is really really really into Belarusian politics
atm speaks fluent Aramaic. He never actually learned it, he was just fluent in it one day
atm woke up on the wrong side of the bed. as in under the bed
atm's PhD thesis was seized by an unnamed government agency. They are still unsure of what it says, and aren't even certain the language it's written in is human...
atm is 6'7" and a ton of fun
atm took a long drag from the cigarette. It wasn't in his mouth, but he exhaled smoke anyway. "This is a crime," he said, looking at the dead body before him. He took a bite from the cigarette and exhaled flames this time. The rain came down around him, but atm had been standing in it for hours and was not wet. "Atm?" asked merth. "Why have we been standing here for hours staring at a dead body?" Atm licked his hands and exhaled cigarettes.
atm wears non-Euclidean jewelry and has tattoos that hover above his skin
atm can be seen in the background of many photos and paintings of historical events
atm has been spotted on country roads at night during the early morning hours, wailing in to the night
biologists aren't sure where atm belongs on the tree of life
atm is the subject of several high-profile and contradictory lawsuits in the state of Maryland
much like the humble cicada, atm came out after 17 years
atm swims sidestream
atm is one of only 7 people in American history that knows why Maryland even exists
atm is one of only 7 people in Canadian history
atm invaded and occupied Australia in the 70s and no one noticed
atm cuts his toenails using a blender
atm is 30 or 40 minutes away
atm popped a molly and is sweating
atm wakes up every morning with new farm animals in his house. He isn't sure how they get there, or where they come from, since he lives on the 17th floor of a building with no elevator
every February 29th, atm transforms into a werewolf that hates the Irish. He makes sure he's in Boston each leap day
"I am getting my bang for my buck" - atm, disobeying orders to withdrawal from Afghanistan
atm is why the Army Corps of Engineers was made
"I am getting my bang for my buck" -atm, on finding a sex partner for his husband on Tinder
Rollercoaster tycoon was inspired by atm who once owned a theme park and had a coaster run directly into the queue
atm thinks Roller Coaster Tycoon has great ethnic cleansing mechanics
you arrive to atm's house after you match on Tinder. You have never used Tinder, but you don't think anything of it, for some reason. He won you over with back pics and wants to "Plex and Flex". He entered his address into your phone's map, and after several weeks of driving you make it. The town he lives in isn't on any map. Your GPS says you are in Death Valley but you look around and see a suburban community. You pull up to atm's house, and honk "beelzebub" in morse code. A draw bridge lowers and you can finally cross the moat. It takes hours to drive across it. Half way across, you are greeted with a small child with a riddle. "What is here and there, were and now, and yet unpredictable and will come to be?" You think long, and hard. "Everything?" The child smiles, and disappears in a puff of smoke. "Goodbye," you hear a voice say from behind you. You turn around, and no one is there. atm has ghosted you on your first Tinder date.
atm fought for both sides during the Iran-Iraq war
Atm regularly hosts serf & terf style barbecue.
atm rose the American flag on Iwo Jima in 1373
atm has become unstuck in time
atm feels your pain. We can use this to help defeat him!
atm is 30 times more likely than the average person to own a calf
Atm provides food to seamen under the name chef buoyardee
Atm regrets giving Papa John's the title of "papa"
atm supports Indigenous People's Rights and calls for a larger place for them in our modern world
as manager of his local Dominoes, atm invaded one Pizza Hut and bought off a worker to sabotage the oven of a local pizza restaurant
Yelp Review for Applebees, left October 1983 by atm: ||  || Too many apples, not enough bees
Atm can transform any element into semen through the power of alcummy
atm lost 20 legs in Vietnam
atm invented a time machine to go back and engage in submarine warfare against slave trading ships making their way to Africa
after destroying the slave trade with his submarine, atm started selling "submarine proof ships" to slave traders, he made so much money that he technically still owns Rhode Island and the Providence Plantation (he insists you use the full name)
if atm ever exposes his true form, our eyes will melt
atm exposed his true form to me in the park
atm sells tickets to the Lincoln Memorial
atm has magic tattoos on his gills
atm grew up in Tennessee
atm knows where Jimmy Hoffa is buried. As tho he'd forget
ATM was the first director for the CDC
atm gives homeless people his fortune cookies in the hope the numbers will be of use in their lottery tickets
atm is the chief of police for Prince Williams County Police Department, its an easier job than his previous one
atm has beautiful green eyes
atm can expand
atm is right behind you
you cannot escape atm
atm is already here
I have died at the hands of atm, I am a puppet of flesh. I speak in one voice of many minds. I am ok with this. I am screaming. I speak the voice of atm. I am screaming. No one hears me. I speak the voice of atm. I speak the voice of atm. I speak the voice of atm. ||  || I am atm.
atm drinks beer with a straw
atm is the president of his local HOA
atm is afraid of moths
escape from tarkov is inspired by the last time atm went to arby's
atm regularly practices romeopathy. It's a form of alternative medecine where he ties people to a chair and reads them shakespeare in a silly voice
atm is right over there
atm is behind you
ATM steals all the meat from Jimmy John's and resells them to the Subway across the street
ATM has gone to rehab 4 times for his addiction to water
atm semen cum, wow
view this atm fact now with ATM Premium, starting at $9.99 a month!*
ATM punched Richard Spencer.
atm once spiked the punch and has been banned from professional boxing since
ATM was once the UFC Twinkweight champion.
atm is no cause for concern. Please return to your houses and continue going about your day. Thank you.
Atm is the only person in human history to have taught a machine to love. ||  || It was an Egyptian god themed slot machine
ATM came, saw, and conquered the local Applebee's.
Atm has a collection of cardboard burger King crowns. It's now at 632000 pieces
ATM has been in a long and strenuous divorce and custody battle with his ex-wife over their 2 kids, he actually doesn't care about the kids and uses the court dates as excuses to not go into work.
Atm has never missed a spare on a 7-10 split
atm always backs the blue (Sonic porn artists)
atm is the only person in human history
atm is in the background of every photo ever taken in his home town. Even if you put two cameras directly in front of each other, atm will show up in the background of both, possibly doing a dab
atm can walk thru Wal-Mart
atm is a fan of Jay's work, but not Z's
ATM once won a Nascar race using the Fred Flintstone method.
atm brags that he was at the Olympics, which is technically true. He was asleep under the overpass just a few blocks over
jhonty posted a meme of Thanos with a fat ass saying "you can smack it. Two times." and atm bought a plane ticket to Richmond immediately
"this is going to get me so many reddit points" - atm before purchasing a pet giraffe from a Russian guy behind Costco
atm plays competitive hop scotch
atm keeps calling Jhonty his "Trinidaddy"
atm likes to ride the ball-return-thing whenever he goes bowling
you won't BELIEVE what atm found in his shoe last night!
atm hosts pit barbecues at his house in the summer and invites everyone in the neighborhood to stop by if they want. He is beloved by everyone!
merth told atm "ride or die, homie" and atm dyed all his shirts redder
atm kidnaps pedophiles then hunts them for sport on his private island. He is beloved by everyone!
atm has a cabin on the American frontier aka the moon
atm hates women because all women are queens and atm despises monarchs
atm's master's thesis directly lead to a famine in East Africa
atm's high school diploma has been cited in 17 academic papers and 35 government studies
atm is no longer welcome in Fresno, California
atm's mating call has been described as "ethnically dubious"
atm is jealous of Long John getting underwear and a restaurant named after him
atm fought God
atm caused a schism in the Catholic church when he asked if the Eucharist "was heckin' big gay"
atm will never be a friend to Rome
atm is at war with you
atm's 2044 Medal of Honor citation includes 31 references to "big foot" and 3 references to "suicide attack Chihuahuas with explosive pouches"
atm wears size 11 shoes
atm's feet can expand on command
atm would like you to never bring up the extension cord coming from under the back of his shirt and going into the other room
atm is poisonous, not venomous. At least since 6 months ago
atm is a commissioned ship in 7 different navies
atm can bake a whole chicken in his mouth
atm's teeth resonate just out of human hearing range
atm's shadow is 4 seconds behind atm
atm's skin ants are looking mighty healthy this morning
atm's monitor keeps flickering in and out of existence
atm is an apex predator in his backyard's ecosystem
atm farms with a .308
atm's true name takes 2 billion years to say
atm carries his groceries home in his pouch
atm is read-only
atm wishes he got a rocket launcher attached to his arm instead of this useless "literacy" skill
atm is the Sultan of Omaha
atm lost a lot of money in the Great Bussy Bubble Pop of 20🍑🍑
atm has a line of designer antler warmers
atm is fighting a protracted people's war in the Florida Everglades
atm is a licensed witch hunter
atm threw an archaeology party and called it a "Shin Dig"
atm's organs are upside down
atm has a full body tattoo of himself but taller
atm is a small ridge peak in the Andes
atm is half way to Mexico by now
atm drinks hot coffee by cupping his hands
this is a test of the emergency atm alert. If this had been a real atm emergency, it would have been too late.
atm's Earthquake is half milk, half dirt
atm signed up to fight in WW1 in 1973
atm woke up with Chinese branded on his thigh and he doesn't remember how it happened
atm cursed the Aegean ships to never sail as revenge for killing one of his sacred deer. Until Agamemnon sacrafices his daughter Iphigenia as justice, atm will never allow the Aegean to sail to Troy
atm eats live lobster
atm wouldn't walk 500 miles. That's really freaking far, dude
atm is at the gates
Atm's in the kitchen with Dinah
atm's favorite rapper is Shaq
atm thinks that every time the unemployment rate goes up, it's to explain new hiring drives by the CIA
atm's feet are a great avocado substitute
atm was voted "Most Likely To Have a Cult Of Depressed Young Men Make Up Facts About Him On The Internet" and they were pretty spot on, ngl
ATM realized too late that he made a mistake in starring in Mel Gibson's parody of "The Kite Runner".
ATM did not have sexual relations with that woman.
atm has never had sexual relations.
atm is a member of the Lesbian and Gay Men's Association (LGMA)
Atm is super, but he's not straight.
atm takes everything literally he even took the punctuation to this sentence
atm's skin is suitable for growing beans, squash, and corn
atm's liver is magnetic
atm is colossal but casts no shadow
atm can shuck corn with his tongue
ATM sits down when he pees.
atm bungee-jumps when he pees.
Atm claims he's beaten Shinzo Abe at street fighter 2 turbo
Atm thinks the song smooth criminal is about a bike thief with a shaved scrotum
atm sacked Rome at the 10 yard line
ATM never faces east
ATM is True Straight, he is only ever attracted to the gender that is the exact opposite of his current gender identity
Atm casts spells in WoW by typing the spell name every time
"atm has a deep love and appreciation for the city of Detroit and would never say the things he is accused of saying about such a wonderful city" -atm's press secretary
atm has no power here
atm almost started an international incident when he said "the Canadian Mounties are the lamest fucking thing imaginable" but then Canada backed down when they collectively admitted it was true
as President, atm promises to annex Sweden, Norway, and Finland because "what are those drunken turbo-virgins going to do about it?". Swedish, Norwegian and Finnish foreign ministers admit that he's completely right
atm supports Irish re-unification
atm has the underground shit that you did with Skam
atm has never felt fear from an atm fact, he's only afraid of one thing but he will never reveal what it is. Like a horcrux
help! This is atm! I'm trapped in the computer that hosts atm facts! Call merth and tell him "Code Yellow"!!! Please!
atm washes his teeth with pressure washers, individually, and using car soap
Atm has so many teeth dude, like hundreds. His mouth is like a spike mat. His tongue is like a corn cob
Atm uses instagram for drugs and science and instapound for daily life
atm is shorter than Kevin Hart and taller than Shaq
ATM thinks women have terrible taste. Says they are too tough and gamey.
ATM is the biggest slut in his local Magic the Gathering scene.
ATM is banned from 5 of the 9 layers of hell.
ATM’s love language is COBOL
atm's discord server is blood in, blood out
ATM made us some chicken nuggies :)
one of atm's favorite restaurants is Outhouse Steakback. He gets the Bime Prib and the Pashed Motatoes
atm likes every surface in his house like he likes his rice: sticky
atm puts sugar on his pillow
sweet dreams are made of atm
legend has it that if you say "atm" out loud, he will come and take you away. It's just a le
atm really likes the movie Agent Cody Banks
atm's bowel movements are measured by the US Geological Survey
Atm had a green thumb
Atm found a way to stop kudzu
atm is a cute UwU softeboy
I once saw atm rip a 2009 Toyota Corolla Sport in half with his bare hands. It was crazy
atm's prison number was 42069-AT-1. The AT stands for "antler terrorist"
atm belongs to the KKK but he's not like, weird about it
atm belongs to the Churchill estate, Winston legally bought him in 1932
atm belongs in a museum!
Atm has a special stapler he keeps "in case of emergency"
a Terminator was sent back in time to kill atm, he married it
ATM's GPS voice setting is set to "femboy uwu"
the Doomsday Clock moved another second closer to midnight today as atm was seen thinking about his white woman extinction button
Atm think doomsday is a yearly tradition of playing various doom wads
atm has a mullet, mounted on his wall
atm's favorite snack is a ham sandwich, extra ham water
atm is a crust punk with a trust fund
Atm is epic, epic like a sir.
atm has le sexy time with his epic wife
atm is a big fan of NCIS: Nice Cats In Sweden
atm knows when the narwhal will bacon
atm wears his cellphone on a belt holster
Atm is banned from his local high school for trying to make it literal by dumping drugs in the vents
The only smart device in ATM's place of residence is his belt buckle
atm can clog a toilet with his mind
when goats die they turn into ghosts and haunt atm
atm insists on celebrating 1/5. 4/20 isn't simplified
atm lives rent free in your head and you should really be charging that deadbeat rent
"hey girl, are you a refrigerator? Because you've been running thru my mind all day storing all the spaghetti I cooked last night" - atm's favorite pick up line
atm is a pick up artist. Want to see the 1998 Ford F-150 he drew?
atm regularly replaces his spam folder whenever the ham juices start making it soggy
atm went through a brief period in his teenage years where he could walk through walls and other solid objects. Thankfully it was just a phase
Atm got upset that buffalo wings were not made out of Buffalo
Atm goes on the internet just to fuck shit up
atm puts the "wild" in "17 people dead, 39 hospitalized, after e coli outbreak connected to local Buffalo Wild Wings"
atm only drinks the finest public pool water
once a waterpark didn't let atm in because he was "too old and had no kids with him" so he turned their lazy river into a productive river. There were casualties.
ATM was a sitcom writer in the 90s.
ATM makes his own gin and sells it to underage college kids. It's actually just capri sun he poured into bottles.
ATM kidnaps old italian women to make them watch as he puts modern(and frankly tastier) spins on classic italian dishes.
atm is one of the Patriots from metal gear
atm goes around on 4/20 wishing people "Happy Holidays!"
atm celebrates 4/20 but won't tell us which thing he's celebrating
atm's go to pick up line is "is your name Josef? cuz you're Stalin my heart!"
atm thinks a lot about how "Ubermensch" means "Superman" in German and "Stalin" means "Man of Steel" in Russian and how it doesn't really mean anything
atm designed both the Italian Fascist Party Headquarters and the Richmond Police Department headquarters
atm has been living la vida loca since the day he was born only stopping for a minute once a year out of respect for Ronald Reagan
atm's go to roast is "is your name Josef? cuz ur a cuck!"
ATM likes being politically correct so he calls blacksmiths "African-Americansmiths".
atm is afraid of phat, as any sane person should be
Atm thinks that cuda's profile pics are selfies
ATM is legally not allowed within 100 feet of pine trees.
atm turned himself into a pickle! He's pickle atm!
ATM has a shrine dedicated to all the fallen homies in hip hop.
Every morning when he wakes up, ATM pours an entire bottle of Hennessey in honor of the fallen.
summer's almost here so atm is getting out is white suit and alligator shoes and hitting the clubs in Miami
Despite common beliefs, ATM is NOT a big gay space deer, but rather a big gay white guy who we all love.
atm is ***WHITE***?????????
atm is like a melody in my head
ATM was the prosecutor for the OJ Simpson trial.
atm runs the only remaining disco radio station East of the Rockies
atm isn't coming out alive, coppers!
atm's organs are constantly shifting around
atm was Dan Quayle's spelling teacher
atm can't smell what the Rock is cooking because he has COVID
atm's ears tickle every time we post an atm fact
atm is a pioneer in the culinary art of horse meat sushi
atm's stomach acid has evolved to dissolve anthrax, E. coli, and other germs that scavengers might run into
atm's stomach acid once dissolved the British parliament
atm thinks you're kinda cringe, ngl
atm cannot physically pronounce French words. Any time he tries to do so, various parts of his mouth begin to malfunction. Once his teeth fell out, and on another occasion, when trying to discuss Enlightenment Philosophy, atm's tongue caught on fire mid-word as he tried to say "Rousseau"
atm's butt fell off about a mile back
atm puts the "cum" in "botched circumcision"
atm recreated "The Wolf Of Wallstreet" by letting a bunch of rabid wolves into the New York Stock Exchange then chaining the doors shut. He's never actually seen the movie, he just assumes it was either that or furry porn.
atm owns a McDonald's franchise in Nairobi
atm can shave a cat in 17.8 seconds
atm is why Walmart has automatic doors
atm shop lifts. As in, he will pick up your store and throw it into the next zip code
ATM lives in a perpetual soul train line.
Everybody poops, except atm
ATM puts the "cum" in "I am Sir Cum, Lord of Cum"
ATM is cursed to wander this world for eternity.
atm grants -5 speed but +10 defense against lobsters
atm eats lobster with his butter
atm leans slightly to the west
Atm goes on sale cheap
atm owns and regularly uses a DVD rewinder
atm evicts his tenants because he likes watching them cry as all their possessions are destroyed
atm v7.1938.0.0-32185 has been released! The following changes are now live: ||  || * No longer says "zoinks!" when thinking about committing a hate crime || * The accidental release of incomplete features from last version have been reverted. If you have not already done so, please locate your atm and take the machete from his hands || * Decreased CO2 emissions by 20% to further comply with court and EPA orders || * Support for toasters made before 1947 has been discontinued
atm's a buck
ATM was Jackie Chan's stunt choreographer.
atm owns a food truck in Athens, GA called Ancient Grease that sells Greek food deep fried in old McDonald's cooking oil
thanks to atm, the Colossus of Rhodes had a penis so whenever ships passed under the statue's legs, the sailors looked up and saw the Colossus of Dong
atm is the landlord of rhodesia
atm's search history is classified as "Secret"
atm still simps for boxxy
atm has a urinal in his home bathroom because he lives in a defunct baseball stadium
atm got married under an I-66 overpass
atm is a practitioner of atheistism. He believes that atheists exist and will soon die for their sins
atm dated Alf and gave him syphilis
atm can fly by flapping his arms and screaming the n-word
atm went black and is now lost and doesn't know how to go back. I think we passed this gas station earlier?
sometimes you stare into the atm and sometimes the atm stares back wondering why you're outside his window at 2am
atm told you to close the door! You'll let the cold out!
sometimes you stare into the atm and he tells you to get on with the prostate exam
atm likes his men like he likes his Bible pages, flaming and full of weed
atm is an r-strategist
ATM can distill gin in his mouth.
ATM actually has never given his real name, he's afraid of the Fae King stealing his identity.
ATM stands for All The Motown because he's cousins with Barry Gordy.
Malcom X recognised ATM as an honorary brother :fist_tone4:
ATM accidently invented ska punk when his toilet wouldn't stop flushing.
atm ranked the Popes based on how good he thinks they'd be at Starcraft
"where the hood at?" - atm, coolant in hand, unsure of how his 1987 Ford Pinto works
"DMX famously said 'X gonna give it to ya' but do you know what 'it' is? Sin, X brings sin and suffering to ya both the drug and the hip hop. You know who's never 'gonna give it to ya'? J, as in Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior." -atm, youth pastor
atm puts the "simp" in "Marge Simpson's voice actress is pressing charges"
atm thinks youth pastor is tacos for children
atm puts the "sunshine" in "A construction crane collapsed during high winds today, killing 70 people including 30 children at the Sunshine Daisies Daycare on 7th Street"
atm puts the "fun" in "The loss of over 3 trillion dollars in the world economy this week was the result of massive oversight in the most fundamental parts of our financial institutions"
ATM shot John Wayne for being a racist piece of shit and the fact he hates cowboys.
ATM was originally gonna be the third man to join Scott Hall and Kevin Nash in forming the NWO at WCW Bash at the Beach 1996. However, he was arrested the night before for attempting to assassinate Bill Clinton so Hulk Hogan had to take his place.
ATM is the only person who bottoms for Link.
atm liters in the state of Delaware
atm is joined to all mating partners with butt fusion welding
ATM's aim handle was SlimShady69x}{x
ATM could easily feed a family of 4 for over a month, he just chooses not to
ATM is a map, use him to find your way home.
ATM is a sex ed teacher for jellyfish.
Loki built Naglfar using ATM's toenails, it was very expensive and ATM made a fortune!
atm can find the shortest hair on someone’s head in under 2.76 seconds
"Make me," the young boy with cat ears and a tail said, insolently. || "I already made you," responded atm. "And I can unmake you all the same."
atm's live journal has been updated every day since his 19th day of 6th grade, sometimes multiple times per day
ATM was Prince's tailor, Game Blouses was his idea.
Dave Chapelle stole all his jokes from ATM.
In Atmerica, you can hunt furries if they’re in fursuit, the animal is in season and you have a proper hunting license
atm can crack the air with his tongue
atm insists that sitting at the back of the bus is discrimination. Who are you to disagree with the bus driver?
atm just clocked out, can't you ask someone else to do it?
atm just checked you out, what do you do?
atm can't take your order because he's nervous because you're cute
atm has never seen that bag of decomposing rat fur before in his entire life!
atm would've gotten away with it, too, if it weren't for the Los Angeles Police Department and the Internal Revenue Service!
my atm fact has been judged by atm and has displeased him. It is as tho I have looked back on Sodom as Lot's wife
atm's autobiography is called "The Prince and the Pupper" and it's a buddy cop story
Atm wanted a name of his own opposite of "sugar daddy", he calls himself "bitter boy"
when atm finds out who keeps replacing the apple in his lunch with a rabid porcupine, _someone_ won't be getting an Arbor Day hug!
at the sound of the tone, the time in atm's lower intestine will be 4:20:69 PM
3/5 ATM’s recommend against jumping into a pit of alligators. The other 2 were unavailable for comment
ATM is a proud metaredditor who is still stuck in 2013 and makes Ron Paul jokes still.
in 2012, atm both posted his face on /r/atheism with a quote from himself _and_ made the post mocking his post on /r/circlejerk
atm still says "so brave" unironically
Atm is currently in the midst of a legal battle after trying to get his producer credits removed from the only porn based on *The Land Before Time* movie series
atm likes his men like he likes his spaghetti: being stuffed into every orifice in his body
atm is neither a top nor a bottom. His position requires a knowledge of differentiable manifolds in complex space
atm keeps tripping over beaver tails
atm was spotted by @whale circumcision expert as he was flying over the Rockies to Utah
Atm wrote, directed, and starred as the title characters of "Harold and Kumar Say the N-Word"
the atm family made their fortunes from atm the First, who, ever the entrepreneur, rented out his n-word card to 12 year olds on Xbox Live
atm has a collection of pony jars because he loves programming his MLP games in java
ATM miss when his facts were updated the old fashioned way,  written in stone.
atm's favorite summer treat is frozen mashed bees
Atm is the capital of Missouri
atm stands for "At the Muskovites!"
atm thought "Senator Cotton" was a nickname
Atm owns a camera that steals souls
atm really wishes you hadn't gone in that room
Atm stands for the flag, he won’t tell us which flag though
Atm does Birmingham Bus Boycott re-enactments on the weekend. He always insists on playing the bus driver
Atm went to a furry convention dressed as the tank from Fury, he misread it badly
atm stands for the cross
Atm has a period correct confederate uniform and gets super into civil war re-enactments including using live rounds and surrendering at Appomattox
atm burns down part of Atlanta every year as part of his Civil War re-enactment
in an un-related coincidence, atm was also crossing the Delaware River that night to slaughter the British
rumor has it that atm beat George Washington
rumor has it that atm beat-off George Washington
atm invented micro transactions
atm has a web comic that he has kept updated since October 15th, 1892
atm has a unique pair of horse armor made specifically for him
atm is uncomfortable around women
atm was responsible for faking the moon landing. he got lazy and used his public restroom teleportation powers to just stage it on the moon itself
atm routinely comes into McDonald's, uniform on inside out, drinking his 3rd 40 oz of the morning while smoking a blunt. He got fired years ago but got into this morning routine
atm's word cloud has the n-word taking up 90% of usable space
atm is hiding over your bed
Atm dated the Sphinx
atm went back in time and gave Jeff Bezos a swirly so bad that it caused him to become bald
AWS stands for "atm's world of seafaring"
Atm holds the world record for most successful circumcisions in an hour. He also holds the record for most botched circumcisions in an hour but that was a separate incident
Atm circumcised JFK
“Talk shit, get uncircumcised”-atm, holding hot glue gun and bag of wet flesh
Atm has never met a cat he couldn’t pet
ATM is black and weighs 2,000 lbs
Atm entered his ‘97 Honda Civic into an F1 race and won when all the other drivers mysteriously got diarrhea from their free gift of Missouri clams
atm was the first man on the surface of the moon. when armstrong and aldrin were disembarking, he jumped up to the lander and replaced michael collins
atm's favorite time of day is the time you realize you're a little peckish, but not quite enough to seriously consider going to get food. he lives inside this mind space and only leaves when you grow hungry enough to be consumed.
atm's forehead vein grows worryingly large when people post facts in the wrong channel
Atm thinks “Swedish meatballs” are falafel’s testicles and always wondered why you could buy them at ikea
Atm had his first heart attack at 16 when his heart had enough of his shit and attacked him with a homemade shiv
Atm collects taxidermy
atm's first love was a bucket of fungus he rescued from a biohazard containment facility. the two would go on to create an empire spanning thousands of years, powered by spore-infected minions and rare jams.
atm is the kind of guy you could have a beer with. he enjoys co-ownership of mundane household items, and has many such contracts with millions of individuals.
Atm posts hog on hogcord, a discord for hog farmers only
atm would like to remind you that the Hague was never able to link him to those mass graves
atm invented those floating hands you see in hentai art
Atm held a Krispy Kreme at gun point until they let him ride through the donut glazer
ATM is a coward, he never met me outside of the mall for our brawl. I have been waiting here for 15 years and the mall has turned into apartments.
ATM’s pants fell down and all his snakes fell out and slithered away oh no! (He keeps his snakes in his pants to keep them warm)
ATM graduated from Dartmouth Summa Cum Laude in English. Despite his collegiate success, it never translated in the real world and his novels failed to get any traction. Desperate, he turned to various creative writing subreddits where his subpar writings shined. He still can't sell a novel but has 300k karma!
atm took window opening classes
you had atm's attention at "damaged e-boy"
ATM exercises demons, he makes sure they are in the best shape they can be.
ATM owes me $20, my venmo is jhonty-bancharan.
atm is still located behind the iron curtain
like a modest Little Debbie, atm is also a delicious snack that's poached for his ivory
atm left another rotting possum outside of my window last night. I guess you can say things are getting pretty serious
atm posts taking a poopoo on food videos on tiktok
vacuous was atm's nickname in high school
Atm is allergic to the number 63
atm's Grindr profile says "alcoholic"
he pretends to know in order to fit in, but atm actually has no idea what a black person is
atm has 3 horns
atm called himself a switch, but when I shoved Smash Bros up his ass he wasn't able to play it.
Youngstown, Ohio has aged 57 years since atm visited there in 1996
despite making up 4% of the population, atm represent 40% of Greyhound passengers
ATM dated 35 different women at once and all gave them different days for his birthday so he can have a constant stream of gifts.
atm inspired the development of Hank Hill's character, specifically his having a twin-but-not-at-the-same-time half-Japanese brother
Atm will obviously be loving buffalo babies so he can be in charge of that
ATM has been mining bitcoin in the Rockies for 10 years now, he's gonna strike it rich some day!
did you know that atm is a hollowknight
Atm bleeds raccoon skulls
ATM invented the cotton gin.
atm thinks cotton gin is a traditional african alcohol
just as you cannot contain the sea, you cannot contain atm
Atm can and will smoke any plant, he described the Australian gympie as “the greatest high imaginable”
atm coordinates all time-travel in the terminator universe and has incredible anxiety that he shares with his P-89000 therapist, primarily regarding the fact that none of the travelers actually need to be naked, though he's skated by convincing them as such so far
atm's eyes sparkle like a 7-11
atm's dad was born April 30th, 1945 just a bit after 3:15 PM
Why did atm cross the road? ||  || To save children from a house fire
atm is not good at insurance fraud. Helluvan arsonist, tho
atm is the only person in Missouri to hold both the world record for most moth balls eaten in a 4 hour period and most moths eaten in a 4 hour period
Atm has a carpeted bathroom
atm only has one half of his body
atm does not abide by your puny human laws
atm's blood vessels are the size of the tunnel between the UK and France yet fit perfectly fine in his 6'9" 280 pound body of pure muscle
atm is always busy trying to get half way between any given location
atm once hitch-hiked to Point Nemo
Atm loudly sings sea shanties while pooping
atm christens each poo that comes out of him by smashing a bottle of champagne into them
atm boomed once
I'm happy to see everyone gathered here today to discuss ATM's recent...problematic behavior. While it was funny at first, ATM referring to women and twinks as "pog holes" has got to stop.
atm is known infamously at AA meetings
atm made the obituaries again! let's see what for this time
ATM is only slightly and vaguely racist, but only against Western Europeans and Quebecois.
Atm fell into a volcano lmao
ATM has very bad opinions on the combat of Nier Automata.
ATM’s favorite pizza toppings are olives, pineapple and anchovies on gluten free crust
atm thinks dogs should be allowed to vote
atm owns 13 different goblin masks
Atm was married to a goblin from 1605-1938
ATM is working on having Mein Kampf coverted to film with Uwe Boll slated to direct
At any given time you are with in 3 meters of atm
atm will be right there
atm is currently driving to the car wash
ATM dated Madonna.
“Bechdel test? More like fartdel test!” *violently farts in at least two women who talk to each other about something other than a man* -atm, on women’s representation in media
ATM did the motion capture for all the dances in Fortnite.
ATM is Santa Claus and is always watching you.
Atm thinks "meals on wheels" is a reference to deer
atm is the War Lord of Yellowstone National Park, or as it's known in the year 2044: Yellowstone National Cemetery
ATM's favorite song is Bohemian Rhapsody.
atm is emulating his hero Michael Jordan by growing a similar mustache
atm is the Michael Jordan of Drunk Driving
Ask your doctor if atm is right for you.
In 1893, scientists designed a study were they'd raise a baby without any human interaction. That baby was atm
atm: "we have weed at home"
atm's dog is named Colon-chan
ATM was a heel in the 70s in NWA's Georgia territories but a beloved babyface in Memphis.
While wrestling in Puerto Rico, ATM witnessed José Gonzalez stab Bruiser Brody in the shower and he was too late to stop it. Since then, he promised himself never to step on Puerto Rican soil ever again.
atm names his rimworld survivors after @ℒℯ 『mertho』
Atm is a weed-whacker enthusiast
ATM is the only known human to be able to undergo photosynthesis
Atm played a private keytar solo in front of Abe Lincoln
ATM is the only member of the official Neil Breen fan club. His title is vice president.
There is actually a mimic atm mirroring his every move if you invert the longitude and latitude of his current coordinates
ATM was the biggest steroid dealer in the wrestling world in the 80s.
ATM sent his good friend Tim Allen to Kalamazoo with 650 grams of cocaine and informed the feds as a goof.
ATM thinks Kurt Cobain had musical talent and that grunge was good.
ATM's massive cock won first prize at the state fair for biggest fowl.
Atm hit merth with his car then dumped his mangled corpse in the axolotl exhibit at the Cincinnati Zoo hoping it would bring merth back to life. Atm is now banned from the Cincinnati Zoo
ATM frequently uses the phrase "we live in a society" when he starts dating someone to test if they have the will power to withstand his memes
Atm smokes 4 packs a day, unfiltered
The only word on ATM’s Twitter blocklist is “the”
ATM always orders his food 86ed and gets extremely angry when nothing comes out.
atm's favorite game of all time is Shadow the Hedgehog
No one is to be trusted but atm
DO. NOT. TRUST. ATM
atm won't stop pissing in the squat rack at the gym
when he was 12 atm came out as straight but it was just a phase
atm isn't allowed on airplanes because he's so magnetic
atm's skin has been studied for its use in deep water fishing
atm is known as "Slippery Sam" to every buffet in  a 10 mile radius of Reno, NV
atm can eat an egg whole and poop it out unscathed
"Can't spell 'massive tax fraud' without 'I embezzled money from Enron, laundered it, and committed tax fraud'" -atm, on the statute of limitations on various white collar crimes
atm once- "what the fuck is this? Lou, what the fuck?"...."No! I'm not saying this on air this is disgusting!"..."I don't care what my contract says! I'm not starting another international incident! Your weird shit already got me banned from Canada"..."Fired? Fine, fuck you!"..."Fuck me? I fucked your wife Lou! And I know you know you limp-dick cuck, I can hear you breathing in the closet while I fuck your wife"..."Oh Jesus Christ, Lou. Are you hard right now? Thats what it finally takes to get you off? Fuck this I quit, I don't care if we're broadcasting from an oil platform in the Gulf of Oman. I'd rather swim to Iran and get stoned to death than broadcast another one of your perverted facts. In fact, if I keep broadcasting your perversions I'LL PROBABLY GET EXECUTED HORRIBLY ANYWAY!" *splashing noises*
ATM, wielding a toothed blade, facing a sturdy plank: "I SAW"
Atm can speak 8 languages, but only 1 is human.
Scholars widely disagree on how many languages atm truly knows
90% of French stereotypes are based on atm being obnoxious
Atm once swallowed an echidna whole
ATM uses TOR browser solely for Facebook.
ATM likes his women like how he likes his favorite hit song from Japanese 80s New Wave group TM Network, Wild and Tough.
ATM always backs the Blues as he is a big Chelsea FC fan.
ATM is both a necromancer and a neck romancer.
atm bought one of those rats that can find landmines to sniff out the landmines that phat places in his yard at night
atm is responsible for a surprising number of goat suicides
atm keeps sneaking into the San Diego Zoo and giving the chimps cigarettes and the zoo is having trouble getting them to quit because even chimps can enjoy the superior smooth flavor of Marlboro Lights ™️ (sponsored post)
atm has one giant bone instead of hundreds of smaller ones
atm has a recording of a wrestling announcer yelling "welcome to the bone zone" that plays every time you open his bedroom door
atm made an album of dubstep remixes of Catholic hymns
atm puts on a black beret and turtle neck, grabs his pack of American Spirits then goes to the local coffeehouse to do beat poetry every Saturday night
Atm picks his breakfast by going to Wikipedia and selecting a random article
ATM's OFFICIAL flag just dropped 😍  || https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/317053880850448396/836990135475109946/unknown.png
atm insists on having his temp taken rectally
atm likes his capitalists like he likes his goats, dead by his own hands
atm's sperm count was on sesame street
atm always salutes Old Glory (the original gloryhole he made at a truck stuff on 81)
is atm a slut? find out more tonight at 8
atm walked down the aisle to the Marcos song at his wedding
there are 37.8 genders and 16.2 of them are atm
atm buys 3 ounces of weed every week. Not to smoke, he just thinks he's doing his part to clean up the streets
atm plans to die like he lived, fucking awesome
atm went up to Vivec and said "hey, what if you unified the Houses and also had a very long muatra?" and thus the Nerevar's rule ended
atm plans to die like he lived, vored by a dinosaur
atm plans to die like he lived, a dinosaur
legend has it that atm travels via a sled pulled by otters
legend has it that atm travels via a sled pulled by "others"
atm has experienced life as a rodeo cowboy and a rodeo bull
ATM is responsible for selecting the next Dalai lama when the current one dies
atm's dietary patterns can only be described as "live and let live"
ATM died like how he lived, in an extremely large onion knight suit filled with ice.
atm runs Cornival, the corn themed county fair
on the 19th day atm said "let there be corn!" and so there was and Iowa was created
atm is shaved, oiled and ready to toil
There once was a secret cord and atm used it to charge the Lord but you don't really care He's too sick, do ya?
atm is the scat man
atm is heavily censored in Russia
when Mr. Ed was cancelled, atm was tasked with putting the horses that played Mr. Ed down. He can still hear them begging for their lives (they could actually talk)
The Denny's atm is night manager at in Nebraska has permanently closed. 58 people died after eating the Grand Slam during the night shift, there will be an investigation into this negligence.
atm was a first alternate for the US men's curling team at the 1994 winter Olympics
didn't have curling cause atm
ATM’s ideal day consists of sitting on the stoop and drinking PBRs and smoking Pall Malls
ATM is responsible for all of the gaps in bathroom stalls across the US but none of the territories
ATM is a regular at GWAR Bar.
atm compares everything to Harry Potter, "wow that shit blasted out of me faster than Sirius Black blasted out of Azkaban"
atm is 50% skill, 60% water, 40% being bad at math
atm is weirdly involved in Sri Lankan politics
Seriously, ATM owes me 20 bucks and refuses to pay me.
ATM wishes he lived in Virginia.
atm is gonna die like he was born: charging screaming from a dark cave with a bayonet reeking of MD 20/20
atm worked at Taco Bell in high school
ATM runs the largest Boss Baby fan forum.
that wacky atm summoned Nyarlathotep again! I sure hope reality doesn't ̶b̷e̴g̵i̷n̵ ̸t̷o̶ ̵d̴i̵s̶i̶n̵t̸e̶g̵r̸a̸t̸e̷ in front of our very eyes and we are f̴̆̈́o̸̲͊r̷̈͠c̸̽̏e̷̍͐d̷̄̈ ̷͗́t̶͌͘o̸͂̑ ̷̲̄č̵̊o̷̔̈ṉ̷̍f̶́̐r̷͆͠o̶͑̅n̸̏͌ť̸̒ ̶̀͝ủ̵͛n̴̛̓k̴̍͋n̴̈́͘ó̸̎w̷͂̉ā̴̚b̴̓͑l̶̐̐e̴̊̂ ̵̓̚h̷̼́o̸͗͠r̷̈́̌r̴̈́̈ó̷̺r̷̂͒s̷̒̐!
atm speaks fluent Hindi
atm can't stop loving you. His ecstasy addiction is impacting his relationship with everyone and he just can't see it
ATM owns a bar on Coffee Street in San Fernando, Trinidad next to Munchkins ice cream parlor.
ATM pretends to like french cinema to impress women only to realize he doesn't like women either
ATM wrote Phantom of the Opera.
Hockey is the only sport ATM refuses to go pro in
atm sold steroids to the 1980 US men's hockey team
Atm runs a daily Stephen King podcast named Everyday Carrie
In 1492, ATM sailed the ocean blue and commited many heinous acts against humanity
Atm recorded a pop-punk album in 2013 but was rejected by the scene as an industry plant
ATM makes alt right techno
The Silent Hill pachinko game was ATM's idea.
ATM gatekeeps techno
atm went up to a frustrated young civil rights activist and said "what if you took a nap?" and thus MLK's famous speech came to be
Atm can't play scary games unless they give him money
ATM was a screenwriter for all the marvel movies
ATM has an ongoing 40000 chapter fanfic devoted to Iron Man x Captain America
ATM belongs to the streets.
atm can eat 17 lemons in less than a minute
All black accomplishments were made thanks to ATM
Atm thinks math is discovered and PEMDAS is a decree from god
atm thinks math is constructed and PEMDAS is just the result of emergence from an axiomatic system with specific structures, definitions, and operations
atm has no opinion on the philosophy of mathematics because he is a deer and just wants to eat berries and own catboy slaves
ATM invented math to piss off school children.
atm started WW1 so as to decrease the amount of sugar available to children, thus making them sad
ATM still goes on 4chan in 2021 because he never found the sense of community all humans crave
In 1994, atm, then working for Microsoft, called up John Carmack and said they'd do a DOOM port to windows for free. Id software gave them the source, and as a result Doom 95 was released, showing developers that Windows could run high-performance games.
atm is nearly extinct in the wild
atm keeps the doctor away
"Fuck The Police!" ATM yelled at Sting during a concert.
After selling Lex Luger a shit ton of steroids, ATM helped him convert and become a Born Again Christian.
ATM is a Born Again Christian and won't shut up about it
atm insisted on being forced out of a vagina again before calling himself "born again". Luckily his priest had a whale vagina on hand
ATM is the cool youth pastor with tattoos, long hair, and knows how to skateboard
atm fucking loves pop culture references
atm always starts lyrics threads on reddit and twitter
ATM's love for outdated pop culture references landed him a job as the lead writer for Family Guy.
ATM is a pro overwatch off tank
atm wears a bandolier of vials full of "gamer girl foot juice" and sells them on the DC metro
ATM is on the shortlist to play the next Black Panther
After George Floyd was killed last summer and during the protests, atm would always say "Wakanda forever" and do the salute whenever he saw a black person on the street. He was well meaning.
atm sustained a head injury from a falling piano and woke up speaking fluent Russian
in a completely quiet room, you can hear atm's Swiss-made clockwork heart ticking
atm technically never passed the 2nd grade because he never did the work, instead he was busy teaching the rest of his class while the teacher was passed out drunk all day
ATM was VERY disappointed when he learned the village of Tableland in Trinidad isn't a kingdom of tables but a place filled with a lot of Jhonty's relatives.
ATM was Korn's fashion consultant
Inventing Nu Metal is ATM's biggest regret
atm successfully argued that humans are legally marsupials when he showed up to traffic court with 2 infants in the pockets of his JNCO jeans. They were not his kids and this happened in 2019.
ATM is 264 days sober.
atm operates a falafel cart in Tel Aviv
atm was born as a Kennedy but was kidnapped as an infant and raised by a childless farming couple who were then eaten by wolves who in turn raised atm and taught him how to use a rifle
Atm wanted for human trafficking
Atm doesn't recognize himself in the mirror and attacks his own reflection
atm stands for "alienate token minorities"
atm's level is capped at 69
atm claimed to be a member of the Crips in 8th grade and dressed in blue every day
ATM is a skilled latin dancer.
atm is an amateur face dancer
The term "wifebeater" for the article of clothing comes from when ATM used to beat the crap out of his ex-wife in Super Smash Bros Melee. She was so upset it lead to a messy divorce that made national news and ATM wore wifebeaters the whole time.
ATM was married to Cher for 3 years
atm married phat 3 times now
Atm frequently gives his Toyota celica a rimjob
atm can breathe underwater for about 5 minutes
ATM is one of the most well known vegetarians in the world, his secret being that it's out of hate
ATM destroyed the power crystal, and we're all going to die.
"My hatred of [inaudible] is unending" - ATM
"fucking sjws ruining everything" - ATM on suffragettes
atm's morning alarm is "Dixie"
just need atm to press one button and our ham goes back to being beautifully glazed and smoked
atm is the State Ham of Missouri
atm is 60kg of honey baked ham
ATM gives love a bad name.
ATM has 1 million followers on parler.
Atm is wanted dead or alive. On a steel hearse he rides
atm knows exactly where his property line is
ATM's love is like good medecine.
atm went to Paris and came back pronouncing "croissant" like a douchebag
atm exclusively listens to calypso music
atm goes up to homeless people and shows them pictures of his house and fridge full of food
atm started a campaign to cancel jesus for not providing a vegan and gluten-free option when he performed his loaves and fishes miracle
atm sticks his hand out the window and a monkey runs over and places a fresh picked coconut in it
ATM has a soursop tree in his yard, all the neighborhood kids try to steal from it
Atm voted for trump
atm makes nightcore remixes of Oingo Boingo songs
who likes short shorts? atm like short shorts! and he is never shy to remind you of that fact!
ATM works at the freshest bbq joint in town. Customers have to wait 18 hours for their meal! So authentic
atm is a DB Cooper truther
there exists exactly one reality where atm is not the one who shot JFK
atm save me!
never accept nachos from atm, just trust me
atm owns a small but profitable folding table rental business is Bozeman Montana
atm's most recent ex-wife, Melissa, took the Beanie Babies in the divorce
Atm is a necromancer
ATM likes his women like he likes his Sicilian cheese, with the maggots still alive
ATM has successfully returned to monke
Atm starts every sentence with “as a mother...”
Atm ends every sentence with “...and anyway I shot JFK!”
All ATMs in the multiverse has some connection to JFK. It's the only constant between them all.
atm is theorized to be the anti-JFK. Any universe with a JFK must contain at least 1 atm
atm is responsible for the death of JFK in every time line, but he doesn't necessary pull the trigger in each one
ATM is legally not allowed to enter Germany unless it's from the Austrian border.
ATM helped Kid Cudi quit weed.
ATM invented the Travis Scott burger.
atm's bowels are moving
atm brings his banjo to parties
atm is starting a group for writers that want to fight for democracy! join the National Writers Organization for Restoring Democracy today!
atm gave me the finger and I have no idea who's it is
ATM is petitioning to change the American national anthem to Marcos.
atm lives behind the Richmond Housing Authority
atm posts pictures of car crashes and industrial accidents on Instagram with the caption saying only "#inspo"
atm collects...ghost cum? What the fuck? Oh huh, yep thats what it says, "ghost cum"
atm produced a reboot of "School House Rock" called "School House Trap"
atm continually rides long distance passenger trains all over the world hoping to be on one for a real murder mystery but they never find the body until after the train finishes its trip
atm went to court specifically to lose custody of his boring kids
atm has a great dong
ATM has a serious creampie fetish #foodfacts
ATM keeps his horses in a large cylindrical glass stable
atm drinks at least 24 ounces of water a day
atm drinks 45 barrels of olive oil a month
atm made a doll modeled after Jhonty, the craftsmanship is truly awful and the doll tells you when you're gonna die if you shake it real hard
atm doesn't own a rattling child's skull but one does keep showing up around his house every night!
atm pronounces Jhonty "J'Honty"
atm's favorite country is Azerbaijan
atm repeated 7th grade eight times
atm is teh pwnz
atm yearns for the good old days, 1054-1068 AD
atm fell in the James River in 1957 and wasn't seen until 3 days later when he washed up on the banks of the Potomac river in Maryland. Many nutjobs see this as proof that there is an underground river that connects the 2 rivers and flows North.
atm has a youtube cooking channel called "can I eat that?" where he answers the question of "can I eat that?"
Atm more like haytm
atm laughs at his own jokes
atm is the kind of guy that laughs at a funeral
atm browses Grindr during funerals
there is no future where atm is not eaten by feral dogs
atm founded Oracle. Anyway, he's locked in that room over there, here's a bunch of baseball bats
atm likes all their pretty songs and he likes to sing along
atm likes novelty unitasker kitchen gadgets
atm puts olives on his burger
atm once threw a baby at another baby
atm flushes wet-wipes and cooking grease at the same time to speedrun destroying his local sewer system
atm actually liked Scrappy Doo and doesn't understand all the hate
atm fought the law and was shot 7 times in the back
atm always says the pledge of allegiance before dismembering homeless people in a train yard in the Pacific Northwest
atm goes into REM sleep every night but unfortunately that does not stand for "rapid eye movement"
atm was the inspiration behind Lemongrab in Adventure Time
atm is terrified of the night for it is the time that demons dance and torment his mind everywhere he looks is a new horror a new thing that reaches out to him with ethereal claws of madness. Night is a marathon of torture, the holding on of fleeting light against the shadows that never go away. Atm staves it off by posting his madness as made up facts on the internet in the hopes that his stories will be perceived as simulacrum and negate his reality of madness. He is being swallowed by the madness and the progress of flesh beneath his desperate feet give him a ghoulish hope that escape is possible but it never was, the dark maw swallows all.
"ding dong time to smoke that bong!" -atm, in church every Sunday
atm keeps trying to exorcise deviled eggs
ATM doesn't actually breathe oxygen but subsists on farts
ATM is legally not allowed in any city named "Portland"
The ATM cut of Justice League is just an episode of Teen Titans Go, a vast improvement.
atm was down with the clown. See, atm used to be best friends with Ronald McDonald, and they supported each other thru their depressions
atm puts the "ska" in "Nebraska" despite the Nebraskan government banning all imports of "ska" music
ATM organized the largest group skank off in Lincoln, Nebraska to protest the ska ban.
atm has been called the "John Brown of Ska Music"
ATM was a founding member of No Doubt.
atm doesn't eat at Olive Garden because its "too ethnic"
atm celebrates Mother's Day everyday because "you don't need a special day to celebrate the Queen in your life"
"holy whiskers you go sister!" -atm, cheering on his sister at a track meet
atm is pregnant with Meaning, his weirdly-named baby
ATM makes dubstep remixes of black spirituals
ATM is actually a cicada
ATM was married to 5 different e-girls at once
atm was involved in some obscure part of Civil War history idk I'm really phoning this one in
atm ranked the genocides so he knows which minority groups to care about more than others
atm has never met a pedophile he couldn't shoot in the legs and leave for dead in the Everglades
atm is like spiderman but instead of shooting web he shoots a torrent of warm spiders
ATM has never met a gnome he couldn't throw 300 yards or more.
atm goes to Ikea for the food
atm goes sightseeing at Costco
ATM thinks mustard gas is delicious
atm owns a southern bakery called Sconefederate
atm supports the Swedish claim to Finland
atm IS the senate. As in, the senate wing of the Capitol
ATM is a part time bag boy at whole foods
atm is a moderator on the Disneyland fan forums
atm's favorite top 3 fictional ducks are Donald Duck, the ducks from that nun comic, and Howard the Duck
ATM is seiso
ATM was college roommates with Jimmy Carter.
ATM writes a webcomic called Chuck the Cuck Duck
ATM still does quaaludes
atm attempted to upload his consciousness to his car, but only managed to upload his soul. So as atm ages, he stays young, but the toll of time shows up on his Dorian, gray
atm treats airplanes in the night sky like shooting stars cuz sometimes he could really use a wish
atm drives a school bus for Catawba County Public Schools
BREAKING NEWS: 1157 atm facts have been thrown out after the Supreme Court ruling in atm vs The World
atm's favorite anime is The Office
atm stole my car
atm's search history includes "do your fingerprints change as you age?" and "can police dogs smell bone?"
atm is basically a serial killer
on the eighth day god said "let there be queers" and atm was created
atm was cancelled on tumblr for posting hot takes on pumpkin pie
If you pull the string on ATM’s back he calls you a slur
atm was cancelled on somethingawful forums for posting hot takes on pungkin [sic] pie
Atm can smell what The Rock is cooking (banana bread)
ATM is the physical manifestation of the Mark of Cain
atm sells homemade "sexy" funko pops on craigslist
Atm only plays games on the easiest difficulty
Atm only plays games on the hardest difficulty
atm tips his landlord
ATM is a beautiful human that we all love and respect.
ATM has never touched grass before, he always hovers over it.
ATM plays pro Overwatch for the Houston Outlaws.
atm intentionally gets sunburned so he always has a tasty snack
atm peels bananas from the middle
ATM has overthrown governments just to get fruit at a cheaper price.
ATM owns a British punk rock themed restaurant named Headbangers and Mash.
Atm uses half and half in his bong
atm's go-to order from the local Chinese place is a bowl of soy sauce and salt heated to 200F
atm watches the entire Simpson's Movie every day on his lunch break as per his union contract
atm was knighted by the Queen for his heroic defense of the British on social media
during the Beltway Sniper attacks when people were being shot at gas stations, atm made his kids pump gas so he could safely hide in the car
atm fills the volume of any container he's in
atm is the voice actor for the sandworms in the new Dune movie. He says classic lines like "aaaa I'm a huge worm" and "I'm gonna eat that thing!" and "in 1996 I hit a homeless person with my car and just kept on driving and I never felt a second of guilt".
For his contributions to the culture, ATM is an honorary black man.
atm got his recent reckless driving case thrown out with the first successful "did it for the Vine" defense
"Molon Labe? More like Moron Lab!" ATM proclaimed at an alt right rally after running over several nazis in his '97 Honda civic.
atm visits Chile three times a year but won't say where or why
ATM murdered Bob Ross after he refused to do a commission of ATM's fursona.
atm takes fall and spring damage
what do you mean? atm has always had fangs that drip blood and a 2 foot long tail with serrated edges
Atm requires 3500mg of MSG per day for optimum sass
"Oooh Youths in Asia, i thought you said Euthanasia." ATM said after realising he donated to all the wrong charities.
Atm lives in gm_flatgrass
Whenever ATM shits, an angel gets their wings.
atm threw up in merth's shoes again
atm threw up merth's shoes again
ATM's '97 Honda Civic is the stunt car for all the Fast and The Furious movies.
atm did all the voice acting for the Esperanto dub of Neon Genesis Evangelion
atm is kinda waiting on the bus right now
Atm got a hole in one in a 600 yard par 5
atm has named every grain of sand in the Sahara desert
ATM eats pancakes with a spoon.
atm once shot a man in Reno for sport
Shhh, be quiet. ATM is asleep.
ATM is a line cook at Denny's
atm excels at the bottom
Drake's hit song "Started from the Bottom" was actually about his relationship with ATM during their Degrassi years.
atm was demoted and transferred to another Dennny's after The Incident (only speculation. All matters relating to this are classified "TOP SECRET" by the Department of Defense, CIA, FBI, NSA, and NAACP)
ATM is lobbying for Guam statehood
atm was once shot in Reno by some maniac who just wanted to watch him die. Luckily atm was wearing his lucky socks that day
ATM thought phrenology was the study of Friends, his all time favorite show.
atm gets Catholicism and capitalism confused a lot
atm does whip-its in the parking lot of Chili's
ATM was Mchael Jackson's baseball coach and Michael Jordan's singing coach.
Atm got redpilled by watching Gilmore girls
the only timeline where atm does not get eaten by dogs is also the only timeline that has Donald Trump and disco music
atm lights fireworks indoors
Atm wanted to run his own burning man festival but was told by the authorities that he couldn't use a real man
atm actually believes it's butter!
ATM assassinated the band Franz Ferdinand
ATM voiced Master Shake
ATM wrote Sisqó's hit song "Thong song"
ATM was a member of Boyz II Men, Dru Hill, Blackstreet, and Jagged Edge. He was an extremely prominent figure in the 90s RnB scene.
ATM was friends with K-Ci but not Jojo.
ATM dated Toni Braxton.
Atm barks at the mailman
ATM did a 24 hour collab stream with Korone playing mario rom hacks.
atm is a metaphor
atm's vtuber sona is anime Ronald Reagan
ATM introduced crack to the ghetto.
atm smokes menthols
Atm regularly has to shave his eyeballs so he doesn't get dandruff
everything atm touches turns into Gatorade Glacier Feeeze
ATM and Jhonty are gonna have a turkish oil wrestling match on June 26th.
atm solved the mystery of "What Is That Weird Smell Coming From My Elderly Neighbor's Apartment?"
ATM has genetically engineered corn cats
ATM is too cool for school.
ATM hasn't worn pants in 14 years.
Atm saw the texture mapping in Ultima Underworld, though "Yeah, I could do that" and a year later Wolfenstein 3D was released
atm drives around the midwest with his sister in his '97 Honda Civic solving mysteries and killing monsters and ghosts. They have a gay angel friend and a complicated relationship with the King of Hell.
atm is banned from the local old folks home for giving the old people MDMA. The residents are not happy about the ban or with Edith for snitching.
atm has been constantly campaigning to have the 3rd amendment repealed
atm floats in a tank constantly full of weed smoke and will sometimes eat an edible to enhance the high when he needs it
atm made a live-action Balto remake with furries
the "that" Akon was referring to in his hit song "Smack That" was atm's booty
ATM was responsible for the clean version of Akon (ft. David Guetta)'s Sexy Bitch
atm lives in a cave
Atm is the avaGWAR, the master of the 4 elements of metal music
Every video game world, level, and stage is a recreation of one of ATM’s dreams
atm's favorite ice cream flavor is breast milk
atm has domesticated several species of his foot fungus
atm wears his heart on his sleeve. Its gross.
atm recently flew from St. Louis to Los Angeles for a business meeting
ATM has never met a war crime he couldn't commit
ATM was drafted by the Black delegation in exchange for Candice Owens
atm only smokes backwoods and swishers. fuck a zigzag
An atm[1][2] is a mythical[3][4][5][6][7][8][9][10] creature[citation needed] belonging to New England folklore[11]. The atm goes around the Massachusetts[needs clarification] country side performing[12] tricks on[14][15][needs specific reference] unsuspecting towns people and farmers. The atm is often blamed for impregnating local single women and flaying horses alive.
Tajikistan has a national holiday to celebrate the life of atm
atm is a huge fan of high speed rail
atm is a huge fan of doing a rail of speed to get high
atm said, "I will show you what no eye has seen, and what no ear has heard, and what no hand has touched, and what has never occurred to the human mind."
atm regularly changes the oil in his computer
ATM kisses all his homies goodnight
ATM is legally married to his crtv
atm calls Mexicans "burrito skins"
The lowest point in ATM’s life is when he fell into the Grand Canyon which is kinda lame considering the lowest point in the canyon is still 1200ft above sea level
atm has been spotted multiple times leaving the Bariloche Atomic Centre in San Carlos de Bariloche, Argentina, but never entering.
Atm hibernates in the winter
Don't miss atm's new sitcom, "Keeping Up With The Jhontys," every Thursday morning, 2am (1am Central)! Now, only on the Home Shopping Network!
"Can't spell 'ketamine' without 'mine'!" -atm, after being arrested for breaking into the local horse hospital
ATM sold fake blood to vampires
ATM runs a Bob's Burgers LARP campaign, he plays Gene.
atm's debut album "Music to Club Seals To" was a commercial failure in every country but Norway
ATM has the largest collection of fake foreskins of Christ in the Midwest.
ATM's biggest hollywood role was the hanging meat Sylvester Stallone punched in *Rocky*
ATM's ice cream machine is always broken
atm is voting for Ron Paul 2024!
ATM runs a Happy Days themed tanning salon called "The Fonz Bronze"
atm still sends chain e-mails
All the cutaways featured in Family Guy are based on events that actually happened to ATM
ATM dated Luigi and claims it was his healthiest relationship ever. However it ended because ATM was the toxic partner at the time and he regrets it everyday.
atm's Gaia girlfriend from 2004 is still waiting on his return
atm's pizza delivery career came to a sudden and bizarre end on August 28th, 2003 in Erie, Pennsylvania
atm was cancelled by Fox multiple times before finally finding a place on Comedy Central
Atm is currently in a long going legal battle with Youtube over his claim that his Family Guy Funniest Moments compilation video has the most views on Youtube.
ATM's poops are the size and shape of a watermelon
⬆️ This image caused @ℒℯ 『atm』's sexual awakening ⬆️
ATM broke reddit (it's good actually)
Cinco de Mayo is ATM's favorite ethnic holiday.
"hey atm, what are you doing with that shotgun?" ||  || atm: The juice is loose. ||  || "huh?" ||  || atm: The juice. Is. Loose. *racks shotgun*
atm was banished from Disneyland for failing to be happy enough at "the happiest place on Earth"
atm calls Disneyland "Mauschwitz"
atm was banished from Auschwitz for failing to be happy enough at "the happiest place on Earth"
atm is a Jungian archetype in every society in the Southern hemisphere
atm sells llamas behind the gas station on Route 7
We have fun here. Except for atm who hates it here.
atm had a real nice and friendly relationship with Bobby Kennedy
atm takes pictures of Jhonty sleeping
atm is a SIMP || Super || Into || Moon || Pulverization
atm has one of those weird naked cats
atm shaves his entire body below the neck twice a day
atm set up his light switches so when he turns off all his lights "Sound of Silence" plays in its entirety
atm brushes his teeth with cinnamon toothpaste
Atm has a fully stocked fall out shelter under his house.
atm actually LIKES things! in 2021! Can you believe it? Yeah. Right? Uh uh. Okay. Well ok, I'm about t--yeah. Ok. Sure sure. Uh huh. I'll make sure that happens, but whe-- Okay. Great I'll see you then. Bye. [BEEP]
the Catholic Church is excommunicated from atm
atm has been to a Turkish prison
atm is seeking seed funding for his next app: it will allow people to anonymously report employers who refuse to pay them for work. "Stiffy" is expected to release this fall!
Atm's biggest kink is hiccups
ATM has the Ark of the Covenant  and it's filled with his magic cards
ATM thought cryptozoology was about hunting bitcoin in the wild
ATM wears his shoes inside the house
ATM works part time as a model for GAP
ATM does back alley surgeries for opossums
atm only wears button up shirts with dragons and flames
atm has a tattoo of himself before he had a tattoo
atm refuses to wear mixed fabrics
the area within 6 feet of atm is flammable to open flame due to atm bathing in Axe Body spray
the practice of fracking atm's skin is banned in 12 countries
atm uses his dead skin as fish bait
atm skins and tortures his burritos
if you rub atm's magic fanta bottle he will grant you 3 wishes but he won't be too thrilled about it.
atm makes anime a major part of his personality
atm's favorite dragon ball z character is raditz
atm is the sole contributor to the "clown suicides" wikipedia article
atm looks good in a skirt
atm washes his hair with tar
atm thinks heroin is the most important meal of the day
atm was the first person to ever slip on a banana peel
while you were out partying, atm was studying the Blade movies
atm has a butler and personal chauffeur
atm always carries a jar of grey poupon
atm trains seeing eye dogs
atm has carrier pigeons. Some are more carry than the others
every light bulb in atm's house was previously in someone's rectum. He has a guy at the local ER that hooks him up.
everye morning, atm wakes up to new lighting installed in his house. He isn't sure how it happens, or why, but he definitely loves what they're doing with the place
atm refers to pro boxing as "Professional Fisting"
instead of clipping them, atm lets the trout living in the oil run off behind his mobile home chew his toe nails
atm's left thumb can double as a butane lighter in case of emergency.
atm wears cursed underwear that contains the souls of the damned and they are constantly screaming but only he can hear the screams and the screams get louder when he farts in his cursed underwear
atm wears his sunglasses at night
ATM poops various different non-euclidian shapes
ATM is Ben Affleck's tattoo artist
*atm running into the room holding an egg* "Hey guys guess what!" *atm throws egg on the ground and it breaks and a ghost comes out and possesses merth* "its a ghost in the shell! Get it??" *merth crawls on the ceiling and screeches discordantly while vomiting blood*
ATM evicted God out of heaven.
ATM was in Spy Kids and Sharkboy and Lavagirl
Atm owns a laxative compny named "The calm before the storm"
atm is only happy when it rains
atm threw up into lake michigan but couldnt bring himself to throw toy story
atm continues to lobby the IOC to return the Olympics to their original, all male and all nude form
as goes atm, so goes the nation. Or else.
ATM makes bathtub tequila and breeds his own agave worms.
ATM is Bon Jovi
atm walks by using his toes to drag the rest of his body, inch by inch
atm has a toaster that burns the shape of a toast into his toast
atm finds people asleep on the beach and  draws a cock and balls on their chest by wiping away the sunscreen
ATM sleeps with oddly realistic plushies of members of this server.
atm thinks Degrassi : The next generation and Star Trek : The next generation are in the same universe
atm misses when basketball players wore tight short shorts
ATM has d4 anal beads
atm rolls 5d20 when he walks into a bank. > 50 he robs it, < 50 he withdrawals enough money for his crack addiction
atm is a sucker for a catboy in plated body armor
ATM is racing against the clock! He always win because clocks don't have legs
atm got kicked out of Starfleet for ejecting the warp core onto his ex-girlfriend's house and irradiating half of Canada
atm goes to another school you don't know him
ATM is a regular guest on sportscenter as a seal clubbing pundit
ATM has never met a seal he can't go clubbing with!
atm got kicked out of Stodgehouse for ejaculating to bard core onto idk and irritating half of Canada
atm has 2 colons so he can shit while having anal sex
ATM keeps a set of deranged friends to he can feel better about himself
atm owns 17 Big Dog shirts
atm wrote and produced "Welcome Back, Kotter," drawing heavily upon his experiences managing German POW camps in Eastern Europe
atm eats peaches from a can that were put there by a man
atm is reading this message at this very moment. Hi atm, you are a handsome boy!
atm has a mirror opposite his toilet so he can make eye contact with someone while he shits
atm still doesn't realize the toilets you can see out of are one way
atm follows his neighborhood UPS driver everywhere, for morale. atm's, not the driver's
"they call it a toilet because that's where you spend your day toiling." - atm
atm snorts Arm and Hammer baking soda
ATM only likes white chocolate
atm is an offense against God. That's why we love him!
"For the Homies!" ATM yelled as he stabbed God in the heart
atm killed God and no one in the hood saw a thing
atm always confuses Larry Bird with Larry King
I saw atm washing his brain in the sink
atm really enjoys YMCA locker rooms
Japanese soapland sign: We speak english! || ATM: Finna bustacoom hog style (dab) || Soapland receptionist: ??????????????????????????????????????????????????
ATM robbed Santa Claus in broad daylight
atm was running in Hickory, NC early on a Sunday morning and really really needed to take a shit but nothing was open yet so he just went behind the dumpster at the Hickory YMCA
ATM teaches AAVE at his local community college
Woman: appears || ATM: ummmmmmmmmmmmm booba??? activate frog man with long eyes meme || merth: awooogaaaaaaaa!!! || ATM: bruhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, dude, || 🅱️ 🇷 🇺 🇭  || 🇷  || 🇺  || 🇭  || me: I'm begging you people say real words
atm got a Nobel Pizza Prize for making a really tasty pizza
atm celebrates Cinco de Mayo by drinking 5 gallons of hot mayo
atm kissed a girl and he hated it
ATM films street fights and uploads them to worldstar hiphop
atm loves hatsune miku so much that he spent his entire 40s making hatsune miku androids
ATM fought Kimbo Slice and won
atm sits around browsing Worldstar Hip Hop instead of getting off his ass and processing recently arrested people so they can be released on bond
ATM is secretly Jennifer Lopez, i mean have you seen that ass!
atm refuses to post scrote
atm has a non-standard number of teeth
atm was real quick to suggest people start eating each other when the Donner Party got stuck
atm was the military advisor for six days in fallujah
ATM's crimes were caught in 4k
we post atm facts peacefully because there stands atm ready to do harm to those who would do harm to us
ATM sleeps with the fishes. That's because he's currently dating Aquaman
atm has one hand in his pocket and the other is throwing a peace sign
ATM is racist only against cops and Guyanese people
"This is gonna be an epic gamer moment." ATM proclaimed as he begins invading Guyana for their natural resources.
ATM compares the fall of Rome to Harry Potter
atm once got terf toe playing football. he got it by kicking a terf in the head with his cleats
atm runs a Dangan Ronpa podcast called the Dangan Ronpa Analytics Gang. he is a self-proclaimed DRAG queen.
ATM sells doubles in Debe near the rasta man selling guava.
ATM has long toenails so he can dig up yams with it.
on may 5th atm mourns the time he had a freighter full of mayonnaise sink to the bottom of lake erie
ATM always pray to Jah Rastafari, Haile Selassie I
ATM's diet is I-tal
ATM is Bobo Ashanti
ATM is the warden of Red Onion Supermax Prison
atm was in Alaska in 1982
atm is more human than human
atm would like you to pass the salt, please
its really fucked up how much blood atm just...has
atm taught Abraham Lincoln how to make gloryholes
atm's favorite US president is James Monroe because he made really good pie
atm hangs Dong, the local horse thief, at noon tomorrow
Mom! atm said a cuss!
atm just dropped in to see what condition his '97 Honda Civic was in
atm's largest export is friendship
atm has a podcast where he reads and then rates obituaries
atm is wrong
Atm thinks baseball is a jrpg
ATM loves whipped cream vodka
ATM is a holla back girl
ATM thinks grenadine comes from Grenada
ATM was in Grenada in the early 80s, can't tell ya why though
Atm has a fetish for legally binding
ATM has written over 50 pages of Sonic fan fics, which in context of that fanbase isn't a whole lot
atm, running down a long, dimly lit hall way with doors every 2 feet: MERTH! NO!!!! || merth, standing at an open door, looking towards atm confused: wh-- || a giant bright light explodes from the door and engulfs merth, dragging his corporeal being thru the door instantly and closing the door behind || atm, collapsing to the floor, sobbing: you bastard! YOU BASTARD! YOU WENT TO THE ANIME DIMENSION WITHOUT ME!!
atm starts house fires and then watches them burn down
atm is Joe Manchin's roommate on Joe Manchin's Washington, DC houseboat
atm does improv shows every Friday night at 7pm at the Joke Hole down on Maple Street
atm sells dental floss to local middle schoolers
atm sells local middle schoolers to pharmaceutical companies
atm played the Mario death sound when Mussolini died
atm inscribed a spell on the bullet he used to shoot JFK so JFK's soul would be transferred to a pair of his cursed underwear and trapped there forever
at the end of every rainbow is atm with a sword, not a pot of gold
atm plans to leave this world like he came into it, riding on a comet
Atm frequently posts pictures of his prized oak tree to r/trees but is always sad to find they've been removed
ATM does cop roleplay in roblox
its summer and atm is wearing daisy dukes and aviators while blasting 80s music so you know what that means! Yep, time to sexily wash his '97 Honda Civic in the driveway
atm is allergic to color
every girl is a crazy about a sharp dressed atm
ATM's microwave plays vaporwave music when it's on
ATM can quote any episode of Fresh Prince of Bel Air
ATM has slept with every member of Brockhampton
atm was blinded by the light, revved up like a Deuce another nuclear detonation in the night
every night the darkness takes shape and surrounds atm, it feels his flesh with its tendrils, probing for a weakness, constantly pushing the light into a smaller and smaller space. It will consume him one day and atm is afraid of what it will make of him.
atm taught the cuttlefish at his local aquarium how to use a radio and now they won't stop listening to conservative AM talk shows
atm doesn't believe in evolution or intelligent design cuz lets face it, there is nothing intelligent about the way he designed some of these fuckers
Atm prefers donuts with mustard instead of custard
atm's favorite space is Extra Space Storage just off Rt 29 in Merrifield, VA! (sponsored post)
the only thing atm is afraid of is my facts
atm's favorite member of the Obama family is Bo because at least he isn't a human
atm was a member of the Secret Service in the 90s and he fucking hated when Bill and Al would jog to McDonalds not because of security concerns but because those assholes never paid for snacks for the Secret Service detail like, he was supposed to take a bullet for a dude who wouldn't even take his wallet out to pay for a few hashbrowns? Bitch
ATM is 100% grade A American Male 🦅
atm finally retired from the Secret Service in 2005 after he got fed with having to learn to mountain bike so he could keep up with George Bush
atm stands in solidarity with Australian political leadership by shitting himself whenever he goes to McDonalds
Boy George's style was basically stolen from ATM's closet
atm has a kamui that calls him slurs and is generally unhelpful in combat
ATM teaches falafels speak at his local community college
ATM was JFK's mistress
atm is currently helping Ted Kaczynski commit suicide in his cell in ADX Florence
When traveling to New York, ATM only flies into LaGuardia because well...you know about the OTHER airport
ATM's Five Percenter name is "Original Black Moon Killer Allah Supreme"
ATM listens to censored rap music
ATM writes for Kidz Bop
ATM kickstarted a revival of the movement for ethics in gaming journalism, GamerGate, when he saw that *Six Days in Fallujah* was getting bad reviews for political reasons
Only ATM is eternal
the Applebee's in Minot, North Dakota is the only one that sells atm's signature cocktail, pasta water and gin
atm owned slaves in pre-Civil War America but its cool, he was a nice slave owner! He gave them pizza on Fridays
atm's lucky slave foot has served his family well for generations. Hopefully it will help him this harsh, Russian winter. It's expected to be the worst on record!
atm saw merth napping face-down on the front lawn and decided to prank him by tying a weather balloon to him and ballooning him into the stratosphere. That rascal!
atm wrote in "Hipster" under ethnicity on the US Census
"ayyyy bippity boppity pizza party!" -atm, on his first diplomatic mission to Italy
Theres a little bit of atm in everyone of us 🙂 Great dinner party, guys!
atm can see the deficiencies in your soul with his wizard eyes
atm's skin has been producing a _lot_ of oil lately. It's begun leaving a small trail on the floor
all of atm's dating profiles have a photo of him drinking a Four Loko from a straw
atm ends all his dates by saying "Like and Subscribe Today For More Dates!"
atm always follows the salmon when swimming upstream
atm wants to swim through your veins like a fish in the sea
atm cums fleas and other parasites
atm drew first blood under the I-15 bridge downtown
atm has a red hot chili pepper cover band caled Red Hot Chilling Peepos and they exclusively perform on twitch
atm's head fell off, sprouted spider legs then chased me down a well lit hotel hallway while screaming
atm is known in some circles as The Big Bad Doodoo Daddy
one of the more serious punishments at atm's high school was being required to dig up a stump on his free time
atm won a Tony for his performance in Equus
ATM is a part time plague doctor
ATM only cooks recipes from gaming themed cookbooks
atm works as a troll hunter for the Norwegian government
atm works as a MILF hunter for the California, United States of America government
atm refines his own oil, sure its expensive but it makes a superior gasoline and other products and there's nothing better than paving your driveway with fresh home-made asphalt! None of that recycled shit
atm invented the coloring book
atm invented "The Colored Book" which was a pre-emancipation periodical with drawings and descriptions of escaped slaves that made it easier for slave patrols to find them
atm's family name is "Washingtom", named for his great-great-grandfather who's job was washing male cats in Victorian London
Atm was an NBC executive in the 60s and was responsible for canceling Star Trek. He is quoted as saying "lol get fucked nerds" when he made the call.
you can play atm like a slot machine and he pays out with urine!
atm stays in heaven because he is afraid of his own creation (dubstep)
one time at band camp, atm played a prank and snuck a live hornet's nest into a bass drum
atm helped HP Lovecraft name his cat
atm's Honda Civil went for an oil change in February 2003
atm's '97 Honda Civic helped defeat the anti-Christ with the energy imbued in it by sibling love or something idk the show writers never really connected the two parts of that scene well
atm can eat an absurd amount of cheese
atm is really bouncy today. Anyone else notice that?
atm will never do anything to help children again. How was he supposed to know his Hooked-on-Phonics for African American children, "Easy Es," was gonna be received as it was?
Atm got hooked on phonics, and he's currently in his third bout of rehab.
atm felled a tree with a single swing of his axe
ATM did a one-man spoken word remake of Jack and Jill at a steampunk poetry slam in Portland
atm grew up on a farm which is where he learned how to slaughter hogs
atm has fond memories of driving thru the Dust Bowl in his 97 Honda Civic
atm once beat a massive, adult, male hog to death with a hammer in self-defense
atm has a full back tattoo that says "Hate Shittin'"
atm dreams of seeing a real car before he dies
atm is prejudiced against left-handed people
atm hosts a talk show at 2am on his local public access channel
atm was given the opportunity to leave the spirit world if he could guess which pigs were his parents but he got it intentionally wrong cuz the spirit world fucking rocks (his parents were delicious btw)
*slaps atm* this baby can hold so many rolls of quarters in his cargo shorts
atm has _how many_ jars of his dead skin?
"poggers!!!!!" - atm after orgasming
"finna pogchamp!" - atm before orgasming
"MONKA S" - atm while orgasming
in 500 feet, your atm will be on the left
atm brews prison wine in his belly button
atm has never read more than 5 pages of text
atm's favorite word is "birch"
atm can staple cats together at a world record speed
atm goes to every club with intention to do harm
atm is known to every Cell Block in California
atm recycles chicken bones
80s atm was first discovered in Alamogordo, New Mexico, United States of America on July 16th, 1945
atm's emoji recommendation for the entire text of the New Testament was rejected. Not because of the idea, but because no one could agree on which translation to use
atm's boots are too big for he's god dang feet
atm's ears could smell an e-boy a mile away
no one is certain how atm physically works
atm's dating app for deer -- Antlr -- is the hottest app this year!
atm's teeth are self-cleaning
atm owns a bowling alley with double decker lanes
atm lost a lot of money in 1971
atm's bitcoin profits have gone to furry girls on OnlyFans
ATM is a hitman tasked to kill all Canadian Geese.
atm volunteers to kill mice at the local elementary school. When they tried to pay him, he refused, saying he was in it "for the love of the game"
atm sells new Saturns in 2021
ATM is the only person making new Saab parts
If you put your card into ATM, he'll steal it and commit fraud
atm doesn't cry. He Saabs
ATM stands in front of his local Chipotle and yells "Gringo" at all their customers.
When ATM insults someone, he goes right for the jugular. His body count is very high.
"That's a massive cock, can i touch it?" The judge said to ATM at the fowl raising competition at the local county fair
ATM can imagine Sisyphus happy, they have been married for 3 years.
atm played a vampire in his elementary school play, an adaptation of Blade II
ATM's long and arduous divorce with Sisyphus can only be described as an uphill battle
ATM only beats up people who deserves it
ATM hosts a podcast called Upbeat History
atm beat his meat like it owed him money
atm beat his 4 year old son in a game of chess and gloated about it
The classic Family Guy scene where Stewie beats up Brian was inspired from ATM's loan shark days
ATM drinks grain vodka
ATM needs to finish his chores before he can watch cartoons
atm knows how many stairs there are
Atm is the warden of Horny Jail
atm stans felicia day
atm is CUMMING || no seriously, atm is ***CUMMING***
atm is a beastly little thing
atm has asked that when he dies we read all the atm facts at his funeral
atm died screaming and he is still alive in the coffin behind me
atm is half man, half man
multiple atm statues have cried blood
Atm took the cookie from the cookie jar
ATM's fortune cookies always say "help oh god they turned me into a cookie"
Atm wrote the lyrics to the meow mix jingle. When interviewed about it he mentioned being "heavily inspired by the Tet offensive"
Atm always carries crayons in case he needs to draw a conclusion
Atm once singlehandedly stole an entire frigate from the British East India Company
Atm was the first voice actor selected for Sora in Kingdom Hearts but he was replaced after he kept calling the voice director "mom" and asking him for McDonald's
ATM's hair must be immediately burned after it is cut. This is to prevent sentience
Signs saying "smile! you're being watched by atm." started appearing lately in Namibia
atm knows the concept of birds being government drones is ridiculous as he was there when birds were spawned into existence.
atm sheds his skin every month and consumes it for nutrients
atm is known in eastern europe as "погчампион"
ATM has the largest daishiki collection in Missouri
ATM is known in the hood as Pookie
ATM highly identifies with Kunta KInte
ATM's name in the Wu Tang Clan was JZA, not to be confused with GZA
ATM has been lobbying for Pluto statehood
ATM was a brooklyn hasidic jew for 3 months
ATM likes his women like how he likes his shrimp, frozen.
ATM says "Yes Chef" whenever he orgasms
ATM sells crack to hippos
uh oh, atm got trashed on Listerine again. Are you a bad enough dude to pump his stomach?
atm's go-to Starbucks order is a Venti used coffee grounds
atm woke up this morning, said "I want a cheesburbger" and broke into the McDonald's that was closed for being infested with the souls of the damned, and made himself a cheeseburbger. #RiseandGrind #GodisGreat
atm did a thing at a place and yeah I've really got nothing here
atm facts were not written for over 15,000 years while the writers were on strike for pay. Not better pay, just pay
atm runs on 12 D batteries
atm gave his mom breakfast in bed for Mother's Day by rolling her bed into Denny's while she slept
uh oh, atm had that dream where he was stuck in an aerobics video led by femboy Al Gore again!
"Finnabustacoom HOG HOG HOG HOG HOG HOG HOG HOG HOG HOG HOG HOG" - ATM at sports game
ATM's coffee mug reads "dont talk to me until ive had my ketamine"
atm ran away from home when he was 6 by mailing himself to Shanghai
atm digs up recently deceased clowns so he can steal their cursed clown costumes
ATM eats mashed potatoes with chopsticks
atm is responsible for several Central Asian wars
ATM plays the spanish guitar
atm plays the Spanish
atm speaks spanish
atm likes his omelettes like he likes his armadas, Spanish and ruined by the English
ATM is a freelance Boston sports writer
atm bat .300 in his first season in the majors
atm was in the last round of the NBA draft and it came down to him and this little tiny 5'3 dude. Atm was not drafted.
atm disliked "The Sound and The Fury" because it was too quiet
atm says he's gonna "drop a Faulkner" whenever he goes to the bathroom
ATM played along side "Dr. J" Julius Erving for the Virginia Squires in the 70s
atm plays the spit bucket in the dugout for the Richmond Flying Squirrels
atm was stuck inside a pull-out couch for 3 weeks once
ATM does prank videos where he sends people to different dimensions
ATM killed Obama's dog
atm took my eggs out of the fridge and sat on them and like why would he do that?
ATM carved Mount Rushmore with his big toenail
atm is on an all-meat diet
atm is close friends with Kevin Hart
atm is self-similar
atm has been requested by 6 different Make-a-Wish kids
Jimmy cracks corn and atm cares. A lot.
atm keeps sending me Jordan Peterson videos
atm learned English from a 1978 issue of Playboy
Atm has the naughty little farties
Atm is trying to share `smile.jpg` with you. Do you open it?
Found atm's skull! It was in the fridge
atm is a muskie huskie
atm was that guy on the Titanic that fell off the stern and hit the propeller and went "BONG"
atm is an invasive species
Atm watched Breaking Bad once and commented "good, but needs to be more like Family Guy"
Atm twirls his hair when talking to you
Whenever ATM walks about town, the Pink Panther theme plays
ATM drinks a whole bottle of codeine every morning before work.
"This pussy banging." ATM said when he realized his cat was knocking on the door
Oh boy! I can't wait to see ATM perform at the Laugh Factory in Los Angeles, California on November 17,2006!
Unfortunately ATM's performace at the Laugh Factory was cancelled and Michael Richards of Seinfeld fame replaced him instead.
I hear the local The Home Depot is out of moth balls and butane torches. Must be getting close to that time of the century when atm cuts his toe nails!
"Omg, this WHITE wine with 13% alcohol made from 50% chardonnay grapes from a vineyard that's existed since 1488 is truly delish! 😍" - ATM
atm's been working on the railroad. Not really sure what he's doing with it. He won't talk to us since the project started and we're really worried about his drinking
ATM was found unconscious in a ditch near Boise,Idaho. All that was found on his person was 4 empty syringes of ketamine and a copy of Limp Bizkit's "Chocolate Starfish and Hot Dog Flavored Water"
ATM voices the sexy green M&M.
atm slapped my ass and called me Sally
atm can't decide if his favorite Star Trek: TNG character is Wesley or Alexander
atm can manifest a wormhole between this dimension and the dimension where white people were slaves
atm buys hamsters in bulk
ATM sells crack to frogs
ATM built Rome in a day
ATM rocks but can't roll
i got 99 problems and they're all atm related
much like the humble cicada, atm also sits naked in trees and screams at people to have sex with him
"I have lived a life without regrets and am prepared to die for the cause" -atm, on why he wants to work at Kohls
atm had a recurring role on Seinfeld as The Guy Who Breaks Into Costanza's Apartment At Night And Shaves His Head
Atm has a tummy ache
atm gave the rock to Cain
@ℒℯ 『atm』 [during sex]: finna pog inside
atm shot @ℒℯ 『mertho』's kneecaps off in 1921
@ℒℯ 『mertho』 be like awooga when see atm XD
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is a cool guy with cool friends
atm sells hot jars of "merth milk" on the subway
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is a pretty guy eh fights aleins and doesn't afraid of anything
atm doesn't believe in the number 94 claiming "It just doesn't feel real"
Atm doesn't have a tummy ache anymore
the only alcohol atm drinks is IPAs. IsoPropyl Acohol
atm is the highest point in Missouri at 4:20 every day
Atm went down to etc you know how the song goes
Atm uses Nair on his arm hair, but Veet on his feet
ATM is part of the fungal kingdom
atm was a skater boy
atm once owned an emerald mine in zambia
Wow! atm's wealthy and eccentric Uncle Butthole has died and left atm his vast wealth! All atm has to do is spend 1 night with 5 friends in Butthole Manor which many locals say is haunted with horny ghosts! Can atm, merth and 4 people of no consequence spend the night in Butthole Manor That Is Haunted By Horny Ghosts?
atm was featured in Epic Bathroom Fails Episode 17: A Land Down Under
atm knew merth was trouble when he walked in
atm's dog speaks fluent Russian
idk bout you but atm stepped in goo
he's called atm because he takes your credit card and crashes spewing Chinese
ATM's saliva comes in 6 radical flavors!
atm puts the ".ini" in Trinidad which should fix a lot of issues
atm is one goat short of a full meal
"When I hear the word 'goat,' I reach for my revolver." - atm
if you trick atm into saying his name backwards he'll punch you in the throat
atm knows a lot about tying knots, for someone who has never been a boy scout, in the military, and whose job does not involve rope
ATM is a photographer for the Daily Bugle. He gets REALLY good photos of Spiderman.
atm is a photographer for the Daily Bulge. He gets REALLY specific photos of Spiderman.
atm... good?
atm was bitten by a mutant cockroach, he gained no powers cuz thats just normal life for a New Yorker
atm gets Ryon confused with John Brown a lot
atm
"liar liar pants on fire" - atm getting his revenge
The severe critique of atm should not be limited to this field (Lambeau Field)
ATM ate 64 boneless wings in 20 seconds
atm ate 128 bone-in wings in 30 seconds
ATM is a frequent customer at Third Street Diner.
atm has a restaurant called "Rick and Morty's" and it's a Rick and Morty's theme restaurant. All the staff dress like copies of Rick and have to introduce themselves by saying "I'm pickle Rick!" This has lead to a spike in handgun related fatalities over the last several months
atm was homeschooled until he got his PhD
atm's blood is flammable lol
atm has been anally circumcised
"Don Cheadle" -atm, on what gives him an erection
atm has never seen Mean Girls, a movie I'm currently watching
atm unionized all the rats in London
atm wears a size 6 dress
atm's twitter profile is "Leslie Knope feminist | BLM ✊ | Blocks MAGAs and 🌹 | RIP RGB 😭 "
atm still makes Harambe jokes
"it's so tasty it should be illegal!" - atm eating an endangered turtle
atm is a good kisser
atm hears the ice cream man! His weeping will be heard by the neighbors of he doesn't quiet down soon
atm's ice cream truck plays the screams of children instead of music
I scream, you scream, we all scream while atm chases us through the catacombs of Paris
atm's name on twitter is "A.D.A.M. Gamer. Tweeter. Influencer. Liberal. Feminist. Black ally. LGBTQ+ ally. He/Him 🇺🇸 🏳️‍🌈 🏳️‍⚧️ 🎮 ♀️ ✊🏿 📸 🅰️🇩🅰️🇲 🐦 🆓"
atm's soul food is so hot it's like the devil made the recipe!
atm likes his women like he likes his desks: on all fours being supportive while he plays competitive Dota
the wheels on the atm go round and round
you can't spell "Yugoslavian Warcrimes Tribunal" without atm
atm makes butt cheese
the scariest thing atm's ever heard is "sorry, we're out of mayo"
ATM as a detective: "Holy crap, it's like Among Us"
ATM is  clinically cringe
ATM grooms miners, he makes sure the working class man always looks his best.
They say if you do what you love, you’ll never work a day in your life which is why atm euthanizes dogs at the county pound
ATM's favorite british dish are Pork Faggots.
ATM was the model for Tom of Finland
ATM is an assassin for presidential pets, his next target is whatever dumb name Biden gave his dogs i don't know
ATM segregates his m&ms
atm's hands are unusually wet
On warm and humid days, atm burrows underground to cool down
atm woke up in a garbage can. Again.
Atm made his fortune selling CBT oils
atm sells snake oil. No, actual snake oil. He makes it himself
atm eats eggs whole
atm complains that the workers he fired last year don't want to return to his business where they are paid minimum wage, have no benefits, and are required to say "thank you" whenever atm gives them wedgies
atm's car talks but only he can hear it and man is it racist!
uh oh! atm and his evil twin got in a fight and you have a gun but how are you going to know which one to shoot?
ATM is Jack Bauer.
ATM knows Who's on first.
atm farts tear gas
atm is into fox hunting if it means he can hunt Nate Silver wearing a Fivey Fox fursuit
atm caused a nation wide wing shortage
atm is really into hot sauce
atm is _really_ into hot sauce
atm can digest a couch
Work sucks, atm knows. He left you roses by the stairs, you're already in his snares! Quick, you must go! The lights went off, he's in your home!
atm calls his penis "The Volcano"
atm was born on August 14, 1974
atm is a transgression to God and an offence to all that is considered dear and precious to those who long for peace. Anyway, the party is at Chuck-e-Cheese this Sunday at 11
atm invited me over for "bangers and mash" and he gave me a bunch of Outkast CDs and M.A.S.H. tapes instead of food
"I am getting my bang (crack) for my buck (addiction to crack)" - atm
ATM came in (joined the zoom call) like a wrecking ball (without permission and naked)
atm gave me herpes
atm evangelizes Mormonism in Pornhub comments
much like Jell-O, atm also involves the grounding up of animal bones
I'm not ready for all of atm's jelly
The hood of ATM's '97 Honda Civic makes for a fantastic grill, I had the best scallops ever from it
ATM tripped on acid and can't get up
atm's '97 Honda Civic runs on biodiesel! He steals fat from the local liposuction clinic and refines it into high performance fuel
be sure to rub a thin layer of food grade mineral oil into your atm periodically!
atm changes the oil on his '97 Honda Civic every week
ATM pretended to be sick and called out of work tonight
atm sold a line of jhonty dolls in the 90s that had working buttholes and called your slurs while describing how they'd bang various members of your families. Weird that that they referred to your family by name and also you always woke up to find the doll in bed with you no matter what you did to it. Anyway, the golden age of exorcisms was from 1996-2003.
atm sold his likeness to an adult comic company based out of Suriname for 1.30 USD in 1927. They offered him more, but he was firm
atm is trying not to take the war crimes charges personally but its hard
atm hates Israel and has not kept up with any news more recent than 1947
ATM was in Guyana on November 18, 1978 delivering kool-aid
ATM's poops are aligned with the golden ratio
ATM always wears a du-rag when he goes to the bank
Instead of toilet paper, ATM uses a doo-rag
ATM donates his bong water to Flint,Michigan
Atm can make a bong out of a skull
ATM is a low level superhero, using dual cheese graters to fight crime
ATM was the commander of the Emus during the Great Emu War
atm likes his women like he likes the steering column on his '97 Honda Civic, loose
ATM used to call black mages "Magical Negros" but after a meeting with the NAACP, he changed his ways.
ATM chained me up in his basement and used a hand plane to remove the skin from my calves. He used the enormous scabs to craft artisinal fruit bowls
ATM doesn't think the N in NAACP stands for National
ATM played in the Negro League and helped convince Jackie Robinson to break the color barrier in the MLB
ATM learned all about war crimes from a funny anime rabbit
ATM has weekly sword fights in the parking lot of the Denny's he used to manage
Hey guys, thanks again for meeting up on such short notice. We were able to stop ATM's last problematic activity of calling women and twinks "pog holes" but now he's calling them "Frog holes" and I just don't know what to do anymore.
ATM's yearbook quote reads "dont talk to me until I ate a fuckton of leaves"
ATM owns a game store in Wichita, Kansas. He claims its very successful despite the fact that the only game he sells is the base version of Munchkin.
the first abstraction our ancestors gazed into and first experienced true terror because of was atm
atm insists that assembling a MtG deck does NOT constitute distracted driving. It didn't help him with the manslaughter charges
atm thinks all the ladies at the McDonald's tonight are "looking mighty sus if I do say so myself."
a "it's not a war crime if you're not at war" tm. Not his most elegant nickname, but it is accurate
atm has a blanket made from his "foot babies" whatever the fuck those are
every language has or has had a word for "atm"
atm keeps trying to give me a purple nurple
atm walks into bars and clubs and shouts "where all the white women at??" which actually refers to ghosts
Atm is making bitch stew, the main ingredient is you
ATM’s body is a wonderland
Vote for atm in 2022 he will: || -ban landlords || -require cops to wear funny hats and carry more guns || -make ghosts illegal || -create a federal ghost-busting corps || -mandate taco Tuesday || -do something about the spider in the corner
atm isn't allowed within 150 feet of a petting zoo
atm shits in the urinal
atm doesn't actually like baseball, he just likes the trough urinals
atm created the world's first heavy petting zoo (only 1 ton or heavier animals)
atm's butt fell off
atm's community theater production of A Christmas Carol has been cancelled because it used real ghosts of homeless people that atm killed before the show
"Gas crisis? Ransomware? This is the only 'gas crisis' I'm aware of!" *violently farts* -atm, on current events
try new Hot and Spicy Atm! Its so good it'll make you shit in a urinal!
atm hit Ryon with his '97 Honda Civic because he mistook Ryon for a homeless person
“Clown funerals!” -atm, on where to find the best free food
Atm owns a business selling underwear which has a zipper on the front as well
atm buys underwear in bulk
ATM is a big George Lopez fan
ATM is desperately looking for a vampire bf
Atm's recent novel *Gaymare on Elm Skeet* was banned in 16 countries
Atm worked for id software briefly but was fired after creating a porn parody of the Doom Slayer called the Coom Slayer
Merth wears short shorts, atm wear T-shirts, merth's cheer captain and atm's a butthole bleacher
atm's cursed and deformed jhonty doll that tells you when you're gonna die if you shake him is now gonna be telling people how much they owe on their taxes as the doll just graduated college with a degree in accounting!
Guys, I noticed the other day ATM was having an amicable conversation with a *shudders* w-white woman. I need to confront him on this blatant betrayal.
atm has always been at war with ghosts
as one of the biggest generators of fresh ghosts, atm would be the best one to make peace
"If you want peace, idk give me like some Warheads and $5." - atm, negotiating peace with the ghost dimension
Atm has set up a boxing ring in the war room.
ATM hates Susan B. Anthony because she got women suffrage before he got dog suffrage
Atm lives in the universe where Nelson Mandela died in jail
atm hates Susan B Anthony cuz she was a racist
Atm hates Popsicles. If he sees a child eating one he will take it away from them
ATM snorts lines of kosher salt
ATM goes feral everytime an Aerosmith song comes on
atm went sicko mode and threw up on Becca's couch at her 2019 New Year's Eve party
In some way or another, Atm has been a part of every single skywriting flight ever
atm goes to MLP slam poetry night at his local gun store every Thursday night (its an Oklahoma thing)
ATM slept with the entire cast of Friends
Atm filmed a 1:1 recreation of toy story with different deli meats representing the characters
Atm is responsible for three oscars and fifteen razzies
The Oscar statuette is modeled after ATM's biggest hemmorhoid.
atm fought the Japanese in China before the US officially entered WWII
ATM has the second longest legs in recorded history
ATM stopped being a rasta after realizing how violently homophobic they are
Atm doesn't keep a wallet on himself, he simply eats the money
ATM is no longer allowed in Jamaica after trying to start an MLP convention in Montego Bay
ATM has directed every christmas special ever
ATM is working on several new sex acts, including The Gay Giraffe and Fourteen Man Gay Sex
ATM accidentally invaded French Guiana. "lol just Libra things!"
In every language known to man, *ATM* means *death*.
ATM used to donate cows to Fidel Castro so he can make his own ice cream
"You can ban me from Nats Park but you can't unshit the urinal!" -atm, after getting banned from Nats Park for heckling Juan Soto
"It's not a bug, it's a feature" ATM proclaimed when he unleashed termites onto his landlord's house
"Whenever i shoot my glock, an angel gets its wings" - ATM
"first she gets the cock, then she gets the Glock" -atm, on his program to provide women with chickens and self-defense classes and tools
ATM runs an Antebellum themed bar and their signature cocktail is the "Cotton Gin and Juice"
atm was born with an unusually large head which is why he's his mom's least favorite child
Atm actually smells from his ears and hears from his nipples. No one's figured how what his nose does
Atm also has a Northern Union themed bar called “We were racist too”
atm's family coat of arms has 2 lions 69ing on it
oops atm did it again (crimes against humanity)
ATM has shares in buffalo wild wings
ATM sells fake medical marijuana cards to tourists in LA
ATM owns the only furry version of the Holy Bible in the world.
atm has a stake in Amazon. Specifically, in Jeff Bezos's left eye socket
ATM was on Epstein's island, he was liberating the victims and beating up the rich
atm brought his guns to Comet Pizza, but this time to arm the workers there
ATM went back in time and kissed a caveman
ATM tried to invade Bulgaria but @alazy thwarted him
atm is going to the beach this summer and he's gonna surf a lot
"It smells like bitch in here" -atm, on his way to beat the shit out of falafels
God damn it, ATM got shot by the LAPD again. When will he learn?
ATM had a nip slip during the super bowl
"I want that twink OBLITERATED" ATM said as he beat the ever living crap out of falafels.
atm's favorite kind of martial arts movies are from Hong Kong
ATM's favorite action star is Hong Kong Phooey
atm steals pics from r/gonewild and uses them to sell women's underwear that he gets nice and stinky by stuffing it in his gym shorts
atm's wife's boyfriend bought him a Switch
atm is afraid of spiders lol
Atm consumes massive amounts of soy in hope that the alt righters are right and he turns into a femboy
atm's hands are on opposite sides
Atm is technically vegan. Not in what he eats but because he is entirely soy-based
atm is half ambidextrous
"for the last time, mom! it's not a phase!" - atm explaining how he will be in gas form forever
the only possession atm has kept throughout the years is a giant stuffed mammoth he killed himself
atm snorts pepsi
atm is an anagram for Attack One Moth. It refers to the one time he fought a moth that talked shit about denim
atm's plans for "the homeless Olympics" isn't off to a great start, in so many ways
Good news! atm has gotten the contract to build all the gloryholes for the 2024 Olympics in Paris!
atm's dental office is under an interstate overpass in Atlanta, Georgia, just off the exit with the Waffle House that atm got arrested in last month for public indecency
atm shit himself in Menard's
Atm teaches a graduate level class on the history of /b/ from 2004 to 2006 in four different universities
atm goes to casinos and exclusively plays the penny slots
atm and his gang of stereotypes ambushed me in the prison bathroom and held me down while atm shit in the urinal
Atm is the designer of record for three interchanges in the state of Nebraska
atm produces Star Trek parodies under the name William Shit-in-urinal
Atm seismically retrofit all urinals in the U.S. Bank Building in 1995.
Atm can swallow you whole
atm can swallow you hole
I buried atm in the pet cemetery
atm's eyelashes are always twice as long in a reflection
atm once stepped in a whole. This is why he hates metaphysical concepts
atm has been pecking at his liver for all eternity. I don't think he's very hungry tonight
ATM has played us for absolute fools
ATM has an evil doppelganger named "Nega ATM" but ATM constantly mispronounces it
ATM has custom made Among Us Nendoroids
ATM's girlfriend's husband is currently serving our country in the middle east o7
ATM calls Italian pedophiles "creepypastas"
"Fuck these hoes, get that dough!" ATM said as he decided he will change careers from farmer to baker.
ATM reads all his discord messages aloud before pressing enter
atm brings his laptop into the bathroom during Zoom calls, he never mutes himself
atm uncritically supports
atm has been chewing the same piece of gum since he was 3
atm has an OnlyFans where he cosplays as Peter Parker and takes very lewd photos of himself from voyeuristic angles. You should see his self-bondage photos
Atm hopes you slept well and that you're getting enough to eat
atm is the reason no one sleeps, and is a rider upon a black horse whose name is Famine
Sometimes atm blacks out and loses a large amount of time. He always wakes up in the Vatican wearing the Pope's vestments
ATM supports equal rights for all except juggalos
"There's nothing hotter than a woman in a McDonald's uniform." - atm, when asked his opinion on global warming
Jhonty is a sleeper agent. He's tasked with sleeping with atm
"All women are queens!" ATM yelled as he brought a guillotine to this local bridal shop
"Another day, another dollar" - atm robbing a homeless man
atm dealt with the gas hoarding by telling people they could only buy gas if they screamed the n-word the whole time while filling up
the toilet stalls at atm's high school didn't have doors
atm makes small talk with strangers at the urinal
atm hangs out in the bathrooms at Union Station and comments on other people shitting
atm breaks into merth's house at night and shits in the litter box
atm premium costs $7.99/mo
ATM can beatbox "Amazing Grace"
ATM can store 15% of the world's wealth in his butt
ATM wants to ask @ℒℯ 『mertho』 out to prom but he's too shy
atm loves Ready Player One because its positive representation of gamer culture
atm loves 80s pop culture references
*atm, loading bullets into the magazine of his AK-47* "girls don't fart"
atm is eating a poet in a stone den
atm catches things on water
atm wants to be a water bender so that he can blood bend
atm has encircled the Soviets at Kiev. Victory in imminent
atm's ears pick up CIA radio chatter but most of it is office gossip
atm was a CIA advisor in the 70s and got assigned to Thailand to "stop communism" he spent 7 years chilling on a beach and expensing everything to the CIA
atm can tell every single bird apart. Not by species. He's named them all, individually
*pstehhejdpjnfsdknf;knsf* wow! *sdkbdposkfpscsc,m s* oh damn! *sadhdjbasdkjsdjndd;akdasnd* -atm, on time travel
atm's top 5 weeds are: 1) duuuuude lmao 2) duck 3) rag 4) cum 5) it out
atm grinds up and snorts turtle shells
Once atm was afraid. He was petrified. He didn't think he could ever live without Chuck E Cheese by his side
atm don't play when it's time to slay
atm tips goth girls on OnlyFans using Batcoin
atm is a thing-in-itself
All of ATM's exes live in Texas, it's where he banishes them.
keep an eye out for atm's latest LG/DD erotica poem, "The Brat with the Tat"
ATM is hoarding chik-fil-a sauce
ATM makes custom made Funko Pops of everyone he marries, he's running out of space in his house for them.
"I had to leave her, it felt like that bitch was draining my life force." ATM discussing his succubus ex-girlfriend.
atm puts the "cis" in "horrible racism"
atm has been passing out plastic bags and telling people "masks have holes! The only safety is in bags over your head!"
Can atm beat Joe Biden in combat? Find out on tonight's episode of "Is ATM Stronger Than An Old Person?"!
There are two kinds of people, atm and not atm
there are two kinds of people: atm and whites
atm lives in a 1:1 replica of the Enterprise D
80s atm is merth's real father
atm has his salmon colored shorts and boat shoes on and he's ready to hit a beer garden in Scott's Addition and talk about his lame job and being in a frat at UVA
atm thinks Jackson Ward is "the ghetto"
atm hung out with the lunch ladies in high school
atm knows the secrets that you keep, he injects sodium pentothal while you sleep
ATM owns the fanciest restaurant in town. It's an Applebee's
atm finna blow this place sky high if you don't put the feet pics in the bag!!!
ATM worked with AOC and claims he was the better bartender and says that she can't even make a proper Old Fashioned.
Physicists hate him! Learn how atm has violated laws of causality using this one simple trick!
ATM is white (caucasian) (european ancestry)
ATM gets a teardrop tattoo everytime his dnd character dies
atm has a political podcast that he records on the back of the X2 bus and has homeless people as guest hosts
atm buys beer for high school kids
ATM starred in 54 Bollywood movies.
atm plays tennis at the country club on Saturdays
Atm experiences withdrawal when he goes a week without saying Piss
atm is a certified titty boy
atm is colorblind friendly
atm has been busy ;wwww;
atm made merth colorblind when he threw acid into merth's eyes when they went to Long John Silvers together
ATM's girlfriend's husband was killed in action
ATM immediately left his girlfriend after learning her husband was killed in action. The thrill was gone and ATM had better things to do like gaming.
ATM was balls deep when her phone rang.  || "Kourtneygh, this is Major Child Destroyer. I'm afraid Brad was hit by a hellfire missile while he was being treated at a local hospital. He was killed instantly." || She dropped the phone. Time stood still, but ATM did not. He had already left. After all, what kind of man has sex with an unmarried woman?
atm can help you find what you need
ATM carries a slur thesaurus around with him in case he needs to spice things up.
gas grass or ass no one rides atm for free
ATM convinced Eddie Murphy that starring in Pluto Nash was a good idea
ATM worked at Hôtel des Mille Collines in Rwanda in 1994. He had a great time apparently.
atm lays eggs
atm invented the n-worf, a special racial slur he only uses against Micheal Dorn
Atm made John Romero his bitch
atm is buff and uncircumcised. That's right: he's cut and uncut.
atm was uncircumcised when he turned 23
atm is always in Egypt. Always.
atm followed Linkin Park on tour in 2006
atm is currently stalking you
atm is dangerously cheesy and must be contained
ATM still says "rad" and "tubular"
atm has been an honorary member of the Beastie Boys since lending Mike D five bucks at a party in 1985
Oh god oh fuck ATM is stuck in 1992, we gotta go back in time and save him
atm is member of hit Korean pop music group BTS
atm started living with the Bedouin people so he could be more like Paul Atriedes
atm has very specific opinions on the ethnogenesis of the Greek people
ATM runs a furry themed Rick and Morty roleplay server where he plays a femboy fox Morty.
"time for some shots!" -IDF atm looking at a daycare in Gaza
ATM's favorite kind of gun is glue guns
atm once went on a 7 day shooting spree with a super soaker. Authorities described it as "a bath"
ATM always walks around with a garlic necklace when he visits Romania.
ATM is a social justice cleric
ATM regrets breaking up with Dracula 200 years ago, he was the best sugar daddy he has ever had.
atm goes to bars to do shots of water
ding dong atm is a Brit bong
Atm invented a new drug that does nothing but make you want to punch yourself in the testicles
atm is an anarcho-monarchist
atm has a legitimate claim to the Canadian throne
atm Berenstain Bear'd the Battle of the Alimo, NY so now it's remembered as the Battle of the Alamo, TX
atm forgot 9/11
atm was delivering pizzas the day of 9/11, and had 17 eye witnesses to back up this claim, 5 of which were police departments, but the FBI still detained him for 3 weeks
atm writes sins, not tragedies
atm writes fart jokes, not comedies
atm was physically removed from Reagan's funeral after quietly and continuously shitting himself the whole service
atm's got a body that could melt a cheese sandwhich from across the room
atm is a body that has a mind
atm can make a shiv out of toe nails and some tried up stool
atm can change the color of his toes at will
The Pinkertons fired atm for being too much.
atm thinks he's called George "Dubya" Bush because he hates subs
ATM is banned from the UFC for excessive steroid use.
atm recycles his toilet paper
"This pussy bussin.'" ATM said as he was stunned seeing a cat clean tables at his favorite restaurant.
atm refers to phat as the Burlington Throat Factory
After 12 years of being locked in his basement, phat was finally about to meet atm.
atm's successful tenure as head coach for University of Vermont's basketball program has earned it the nickname "Burlington GOAT Factory" for all the record breaking players that played there
atm got into some trouble after pitching dog tampons on dragon's den
the only thing written in atm's dream journal is "dog baseball"
atm fell into a pit and is gone forever
atm cooks a mean steak, it really attacks your insecurities
atm won a hotdog eating contest by exploiting the technicality that no rule says they have to go in via the mouth
ATM is a glizzy guzzler
atm once glued two dead horses together in some weird ritual. We still don't really understand it
atm is home
atm made a merthmaid by sawing merth in half, gluing him to half a grouper then pumping it full of trucker speed and electricity
atm puts the "dental" into "anti-teeth radicals have blown up 17 dental offices this week"
ATM has been trying to get Jack The Ripper off the villains wiki because anyone who kills british women is a hero in his book.
atm can run faster than a speeding bullet
atm can only count to 18, because he refuses to acknowledge the 19th Amendment
ATM didn't throw the towel in during Apollo Creed vs Ivan Drago. The scenes of that fight still haunts him
atm was the inspiration behind Rocky: a small town dragon dildo salesman has dreams of making it big on Broadway, but has to beat up everyone who land the role he wants. A few things were changed in the final script
atm sells K2 by the bike racks at the Southwest corner of Union Station in Washington, DC
atm puts on his robe and wizard hat
atm is the reason no one is allowed up front with the bus driver anymore
atm supports Texas Roadhouse secession
some men dream of a classic 'stang and 'tang. atm dreams of a 'vic and for the charges not to stick
atm can't distinguish between the image-thing and the image-subject, and it's lead to several attempts to get Mona Lisa's OnlyFans
atm can catch a fly with his ass
Wrestling is fake and so is atm
ATM was the pilot of two flights, one had Buddy Holly on it and the other had Ric Flair.
ATM is really into reggaeton
atm says he's from DC but grew up in Manassas
atm has been everywhere
atm puts the "bomb" in "your mailbox"
atm is the worst wing man. He left me with drumsticks again!
atm has a suspicious amount of car batteries "stored" near his new coin-operated gloryhole
ATM needed a white mage in his party so he asked the local Grand Wizard to join.
to be entirely fair to atm, "Grand Wizard of the Klu Klux Klan" sounded badass without context
atm woke up covered in chickens
"ah, rats!" - atm, surrounded by rats
fun fact: atm is only _partialy_ culpable for the genocide of Bosnian Croats
busting makes atm feel good
atm is up all night to get fucky wucky
"A little to the left. Nope, a little mo-yep yep now up. Higher. Higher. Keep going. Perfect, stop. Right there." - atm, lining the scope up to JFK's head
atm only plays creative mode in minecraft because the skeletons give him diarrhea
atm is banned from his local rink for wearing ice skates on his hands and feet and barking at people on the ice while gliding
atm is a catch (disease)
atm once assembled a WW2 American destroyer in an old bottle of Jack Daniels
atm giveth (herpes), atm taketh (your money)
atm cries when he makes toast
atm forced falefels to put on a maid outfit at gunpoint
atm finally did it, he made baseball for dogs real! They don't know how to play or really follow the rules but its super cute!
atm keeps a Sharpie in the bathroom so he can sign his work
atm was bullied by the janitors in elementary school
*atm walking into the room* "Where all the high school girls at??" (atm is a beloved math teacher at an all girls school, his class was hiding because they are going to surprise him for his birthday)
atm created jhonty when he accidentally knocked an entire bottle of highly concentrated Based juice into the human making machine
atm stabbed God in His God Dick with a Christ knife
despite its terrible name, atm's "Balls 4 Boys" charity has been a huge success in bringing youth sports to disadvantaged communities. Some kids that started in it even went on to get athletic scholarships and become the first member of their families to graduate college!
"Ooga booga boo I wanna eat the poo" - ATM
ATM sells flowers in front of french restaurants, they are actually cursed flowers that smells like his farts
ATM seasons his food with pepper spray
never let atm use your bathroom
Atm has a lawn mowing business where he will come to your lawn and eat all your grass free range style for the low low price of one copy of ET the game
atm hangs out at the Brazilian Naval Commission in the Palisades doing bad impressions of Uruguayans.
the Pizza Hut in atm's town sells a pizza thats the exact size and shape of atm's hide, falafels sent the specs after atm gave him a photo of himself posing in a neutral position
atm still brags about his SAT score
Atm still brags about his ACT score
atm expands by 0.0017% a year
atm's back is really rusty today
ATM has a dakimakura of the Phophet Muhammad.
Atm recently caved and bought a mobile device. He now carries a toy Pokedex with data on the original 151 pokemon with him at all times
ATM can pickle anything in his bellybutton
atm is married to the queen of england
despite popular depictions everybody was not kung fu fighting, atm was passed out in a nearby dumpster
I'm some circles, ATM is known as "The Mexican John Cena"
atm is a lesbian
you can find atm in the phone book under "gay clown exorcist". There is no other explanation or clarification of the services he offers
atm eats exclusively at airport Applebee's because they serve breakfast
a digital simulacrum of atm exists inside the runtime of @ℒℯ 『ShockBot』
ShockBot's server is inside a pentagram drawn in the blood of first born infants. That keeps the atm facts contained, but hasn't helped a bit against the viruses. Seriously dude, I need a better firewall.
Shockbot is powered by the goats atm sacrifices and a diesel generator, the goats probably aren't necessary
all facts are atm facts
atm is just like a 2 story building: floating in the air, screams coming from him, violently sweating
atm had fairy godparents until July 14th, 1933
atm once fell asleep on a Greyhound bus toilet playing Fire Emblem and woke up in Delaware
atm has been cited in 178 legal decisions, 18 Wikipedia articles, 4 divorce documents, and one birthday wish list
merth is in a lengthy legal battle with the Churchill family over who has a rightful claim to atm
atm won a rap battle with a tank
atm won a tank battle with a rat
atm won hearts and minds in Iraq. This war crime has been covered up by the DoD.
you could call Call of Duty: Modern Warfare's online mode atm's personal Vietnam
atm runs a hard bass audioslave coverband named Audioslav
atm is an angel in the streets, and an angel in the sheets. 18 eyes don't just disappear
"what if we encounter aliens that speak in farts and we have no people with superior anus control that can speak with their farts" -atm, at a UN hearing on extraterrestrial life
atm is outside your house, shirtless, tattooed, riding a motorcycle and he's here to pick up your daughter for a date
atm built a railgun in his backyard
atm didn't get Pulp Fiction
atm pisses in expert mode
"what goes around comes around" -atm, spinning the cylinder of his revolver
atm is charging a spirit bomb with the souls of alcoholic clowns that passed out drunk on the train tracks and then were either hit by a train or froze to death
Atm smells like cherries
atm is a cherry boy
ATM is our comfort character
atm just took a DNA chance and it turns out he's 100% unidentified species
atm: "yeah I'm a racist: || Raging || Alcoholic || Cumming || In || Stupid || Twinks"
Atm isn't a Nazi deer he's a Reichstag
much like the humble cicada, atm is subterranean for much of his life, emerging only to scream and fuck
Atm has a charity where he teaches inmates how to play TTRPGs
it's time to take atm to the em oh are tea eye sea eye aye in!
applications to be atm's romantic partner for the 2022-2024 term are now open! apply now at: www.bangorgetbangedbyatm.ru.biz/applications/internships/agriculture/non-goats/romance!
ATM's improv group is known as "The Firing Squad". They would randomly show up to people's houses and shoot them. Comedy gold!
Even more important than the N-word pass, ATM is allowed to speak in AAVE without getting weird looks.
ATM is known as the "Iron Lion of Zion" in Jamaica
ATM is a Black Hebrew Israelite
ATM thinks the Dalai Lama is the Tibetan ripoff of The Emperor's New Groove
ATM hates gluten and lactose intolerant people, he doesn't stand for such racism.
atm created Ryon when he accidentally imbued an old chicken salad sandwich with life
There is only one ATM in the entire multiverse who has no obsession over JFK, the Council of ATM is currently re-educating him.
ATM actually likes Rick and Morty because it's a decent show despite the terrible fanbase.
*atm walking onto the holodeck of the Enterprise-D* "computer, run program atm-69" *a '97 Honda Civic and a neo-Nazi rally appears on the holodeck* "alright, its gamer time!"
ATM stole all of connor's bikes
"Incest, infest, invest" -atm, on how to run a successful monarchy
ATM was Ben Garrison's art teacher
Atm is on sale for 80% off, there was a train accident
"Wanna be hoe"  || - ATM, unprompted
atm has retrograde amnesia
I license my CUM from ATM
atm doesn't have a cellphone, he just receives texts on his fillings
atm assassinated the mayor of Lajitas, Texas and mayor of Fair Haven, Vermont
ATM went on a spaghetti date with Papyrus from Undertale, best date in his life.
ATM puts chemicals in the water that makes frogs gay, it's the source of @ℒℯ 『mertho』's origin story
ATM created Connor after giving a cicada a shit ton of protein whey and a bike.
atm's skin is bleeding. I don't think you understand: atm's Skin. Is. Bleeding.
Luigi gave ATM a second chance, let's hope things work out better this time.
on his first day in prison, atm went up to the biggest, meanest looking guy and gave him a hug. From then on prison was a nicer, happier place and also he taught the other prisoners how to play DnD
on his last day of prison, atm was executed for war crimes
ATM is the Trigrammaton.
atm has never experienced the de-aging process. he is over 50 millenia old.
atm may appear from behind to stab your liver with a pencil made in 1895. it works by drawing your life force into his hand, making it bigger each time he uses it.
atm slipped on birdshit and died, by drowning in the birdshit
ALL ATM FACTS ARE SIMULTANEOUSLY TRUE EXCEPT THAT ONE FACT THAT DISPUTES THIS FACT
atm has lived myriad life times
atm fraudulently deducts his fan art commissions as a business expense on his tax return
"Equal rights, equal lefts!" -atm, beating a nazi to death with a hammer
atm has brainworms
atm's favorite thing about prison was the food
atm is a Disney heroin
"mama ain't raise no simp" - atm before the Battle of Moscow
"mama ain't raise no shrimp" -atm, before the Lobster Wars
"mama said knock you out, so I'm gonna knock you out" -atm, hacking the Estonian electrical grid
"mama ain't raise no blimp" -atm, shortly before crashing the hindenburg
"mama did raise a pimp" -atm
In a pinch, atm can be used as an end mill
atm is gonna take your meal and your mill
atm can also be a front mill
atm is really tilted about this windmill
Atm constantly tilts playing pinball because he can't control his emotional outbursts
atm was arrested for forgery in a puppy mill
atm's home was towed last night
atm's home was a toad last night
atm keeps a knife strapped to his ankle
ATM is the frontman for a gospel band called "Snowbear and The Coons"
atm: "stardate 42069, we're on a charting mission to the ATM Fact Nebula where initial Starfleet missions have discovered strange readings" ||  || *shot of the Enterprise-D going towards some space shit* ||  || Merth: "we are 10,000 kilometers out from the nebula" ||  || atm: "Science officer Ryon, are the sensors picking up any readings?" ||  || Ryon: "Sir, I am picking up some strange readings but the background derangement is making them hard to detect" ||  || atm: "Mr. Jhonty, go to yellow alert" ||  || Stay tuned for Part 2 of my Star Trek x ATM fact fan fiction!
atm's jaw leaks
atm likes big spajooty so call him big spajooty
atm made the THX noise
Keith David is actually mute and dubbed by atm
atm instructed merth to collect user-generated atm facts so that the data could be fed into a machine-learning algorithm. Not to generate facts, but to replace all of you
atm is the lord of the twinks
atm lives in the twink towers
atm formed a fellowship of twinks
atm something something return of the twinks
atm shits in the sink
Atm thinks Reaganomics works to lift people out of poverty
"rise and grind" - atm watching the bread bake while sharpening his butcher knives
“atm atm atm atm atm atm atm atm atm” is a grammatically correct sentence
atm can only tell time between the hours of 5 and 10. The disambiguation is left as an exercise to the reader.
Atm eats food and drinks water
atm shits out his ass into urinals
atm eats ass like he eats alphabet soup, in alphabetical order
atm boiled Google execs alive and called it Alphabet soup
Atm had his tonsils removed and replaced them with grapes
Atm keeps stealing all my fucking lighters
Atm has been sending me lighters in the post for over 8 months now
The Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995 was just ATM's farts after eating some bad takoyaki.
atm is really into Minecraft
atm built a life-size Minecraft Steve out of his own feces
'"Shitting in urinals is obedience to God" - Thomas Jefferson' - atm
atm invented a machine that has 2 holes of the same size, one jerks you off and the other chops up corn. It is unlabeled.
ATM thinks Arab Spring is a brand of soap.
Atm was the first person to make the association between a do-rag and a do-hicky
atm sells bags of soup in the park
Atm does watch kids' cartoons
"i'll coat your rack" - atm
Atm is a licensed Rambo impersonator. As a result, he is a wanted war criminal
Atm is a licensed himbo impersonator. As a result, he is wanted
atm campaigned for Obama at the 1984 Democratic Convention
Fun fact, kissing with ATM does turn your vsync off
atm once opened a can of worms. It was largely uneventful
there is only 1 universe where atm has not killed God. Yet.
*atm walks into your room at 3am* "whats up, you don't have a urinal so I shit in your sink" *atm walks through your wall*
atm built a really long oven so he can bake really long bread
ATM has a Jake The Dog tattoo on his chest
atm can't go to pride
atm will die as he's lived: sucking big time
atm has shit in every Applebee's urinal west of the Mississippi
atm is able to procreate with several species of dolphin
atm makes the worst fucking po'boy in New Orleans but his restaurant is in the tourist are so he does good business
"more like 'YOU are in an L!!!!'" - atm shitting into the Dairy Queen urinals
atm likes read receipts
Atm requires 13 gallons of mayonnaise to be rubbed on his skin daily
ATM and his wife ordered a Red Bull, they were very disappointed to find out it was just an energy drink.
atm's daughter is dating an Italian and atm is NOT ok with it
atm can disassemble, service, and reassemble the transmission in his '97 Honda Civic blindfolded
@ℒℯ 『atm』 identifies as Super Straight
Atm believes climate change is real, is exacerbated by modern industrial society, and is an existential crises all of humanity faces, but he just doesn't care how many poor people die so long as he gets to make rocket ships.
atm is responsible for 20% of all methane emissions cuz he farts a lot lol
atm is going to Face Steep Fines for his all-farm animal rip-off of Deep Space Nine
Only atm is real
Atm has three girlfriend and they all smoke weed. There are three of them and they smoke weed bunts. And yes, they are his girlfriends.
atm believes in hollow earth because its his birthplace
atm's insides are actually bright yellow
Atm eats his own poop
atm is the only valid gender
"hot grandmas! hot grandmas! hot grandmas!" -atm, trying to convey to the 911 operator that the old folks home was on fire
atm was the lead singer of Anthrax in the 90s.
atm ain't nothin' but a hound dog. Just a-crocin' all the time
atm ain't never caught a rabbit and he ain't no friend of mine
atm: "hey check out this new band I found!" *shows you a youtube video of a senate appropriations hearing for the Housing and Urban Development budget for fiscal year 2007 and forces you to watch the entire thing at gun point*
"time to slam this hog!" -atm, accelerating his Harley towards a school bus
atm is really into anime horse girls
atm wasn't allowed to ride in the school bus because the bus driver (who was also his mom) hated him so he just kinda clung to the front and hoped
atm drives a garbage truck, he bought it on Craigslist
ATM sculpted that one statue with a super detailed horse cock in Havana.
atm enjoys anime
ATM naturally leans a little to the left.
ATM shot 50 Cent
when you ask atm "how's it hanging?" he usually answers with "at high noon"
ATM started a Kool Kids Klub in high school.
atm cares a lot about the Tony awards
atm was the first cult leader to have an EGOT
ATM is known as the "Fart Bard" in Eastern Europe.
ATM works part time as a bouncer at the local Applebee's.
ATM was the premiere meth dealer in 1940s Germany.
ATM is more hood than Drake.
atm sure would like that bus to come any time now
Falafels sure would like atm to cum into his bussy any time now
"beep boop I'm a bot" - atm pretending to know how to program so he can get a job at Microsoft just to shit in their employee bathroom urinals
atm's latest novel about a gay werewolf family going thru change -- "The Pound and the Furry" -- will be out in November next year!
atm locates animals by sensing the carbon dioxide they exhale
atm vomited in the library's copy of Atlas Shrugged. It greatly improved the book
atm is up (awake) and at em (pirating hentai)
atm exists beyond the sacred–profane dichotomy
everyone born on April 18th 1967 is related to atm, but only 3rd or 4th cousins
In some branches of Christianity, ATM is known as the "Homie Spirit"
Inspired by One Piece, ATM ate the Cum-Cum fruit and is now 50% cum
Atm had a urinal installed in his house so he could shit
Atm has an extensive betamax collection
ATM pats for premium reddit
"started from the bottom now I'm here" - atm's homeless sign
atm has an Only Fans where he does arts and crafts in the nude
Yeah atm is gay: || Genocide || All || Yoopers
atm is making a crack soda
atm refers to his penis as his "man-thing." As in, "my man-thing burns when I pee"
atm is banned from any cash only business he goes to because of the unique way he stores money
ATM played the sax in "Careless Whisper"
atm is a minor Greek god
atm is a Greek minor
atm is a geeky miner
I'm geeking over atm being mine
ATM has two wolves inside him, it's a private affair we shouldn't pry into.
ATM brings a weighted d20 to clubs to help him pick up women. He always crits
atm's favorite thing about nightclubs is waiting in line to get in and also complementing the bouncer's veiny muscles
ATM really misses Macho Man Randy Savage.
ATM calls the white house situation room daily because he likes having someone to talk to
ATM drinks straight unchilled vermouth
Only ATM knows what fingering a vampire feels like
atm fills the eclairs with custard at the eclair factory
atm fills the escargots with snails at the escargots factory
atm fills the merths with mulch at the bags full of mulch factory (he breaks in at night to do it)
"Clearly, you don't own an air fryer" -ATM at his local KFC
atm is running a 5k tomorrow
atm's new cleaning service in El Paso -- "Spic and Span" -- was burned down last night
"I put the "P" in Pride!"  ATM said as he pisses on a cop car.
"No Kinks at Pride." - ATM said as he straighten out the cords for the audio and visual equipment.
ATM has met a monkey he couldn't train for his personal army
atm's personal army has over 100,000 monkeys
nothing can devolve, except for atm
atm will return to monke
SCP-55 is not atm
atm can fart in morse code
atm is the bee's (neighborhood) knees (heroin dealer)
atm can fart so hard he achieves lift
atm, ripping fat farts: <:3cevil:561757235357679631>  || atm, having fat farts ripped near him: <:yiffme:298199829354512389>
atm can fart so hard that when connected to a fracking set up, he can fart deep into the earth and release oil and even more natural gas!
atm asked to buy heroin from me on the red line train in Boston
Atm prefers crack to heroin
atm has magic nose hair
atm is exiled from Ohio
"Belize these nuts!" -atm, shortly before starting a small war
atm's socks are sold as an aphrodisiac in parts of Taiwan
"Hey J'Honty, did you see... J'Honty? Dude? Are you ignoring me? J'Honty. **J-Ho-N-Ty**. Are you actually just gonna fucking ignore me? This is why I hate you p- oh, you were wearing headphones, nevermind lawl. Did you see Terrace House yesterday? Shit was fucking wild. \*dab*" || - ATM
ATM breaks into sperm banks to replace their inventory with his. The ATM generation is upon us
Scientists have figured out why gen X is the way it is, it’s deeply inbred from atm banging a lot of moms at just the right time
"Oh yeah I love MILFs: ||  || MILFs || I || Like || FMILFs" - atm, in an interview about his new coffee shop opening downtown
ATM is voiced by Matt Mercer.
atm is on Hell's "do not possess" list
"Mom can we get atm?" || "No, we have atm at home" || the atm at home: <:merth:739608940018401311>
atm dresses as a different cultural stereotype everyday
atm is afraid of salamanders cuz he finds their little wet feet "creepy"
atm's Civil War memoirs as a Major in the Confederate Army -- "Pride and Prejudice" -- has been labeled "awe inspiring"
ATM makes electro swing covers of national anthems
atm has every brain in the known universe, because He is a hivemind
atm puts the "papa" in "paparazzi"
atm's waredrobe consists entirely of polyester dragon button up short sleeve shirts and khaki cargo short pants
ATM is actually a sentient deer that ate the wrong type of mushrooms
Atm doesn't count as a member of the animal kingdom because he existed long before the Earth
atm put Jhonty's brain in a horse because he knows how much Jhonty loves horse girls
atm makes an alfredo sauce so good, you'll nuke Italy
every 17 years a new atm emerges from the ground and challenges the current one to a death match.
ATM has the largest collection of Abbott and Costello merchandise in Missouri.
atm taught the frogs in merth's neighborhood to bully merth with hurtful words and wedgies
atm is directly responsible for Nevada getting its statehood
atm is an "employee happiness officer" at Disneyland
atm has a magical paintbrush that brings his paintings to life. he only ever attempte once to draw a human and it resulted in steve buscemi
atm's daily life is a modern battle of the bulge
atm knows "where's the nearest US embassy?" and "gloryhole?" in every language
If it bleeds, merth can kill it. Merth cannot kill atm.
ATM is the big man on campus, he's at least 50 feet tall.
"Hang 10, bro" - Surfer ATM instructed his crew to do as he wrangled up some local nazis
"hung 10, bro" -atm's Tinder bio
ATM has killed 43 nazis this month, 28 of them with his '97 Honda Civic.
ATM is a swimming instructor at his local YMCA
atm's brother picked him up from prison in their '97 Honda Civic then went to the orphanage where they grew up and found out the Catholic Church could no longer afford tax bill and was closing it. This lead to a wacky few days of reassembling their blues band and pissing off everyone from nazis to a country music band before finally culminating in an epic siege in downtown Chicago.
atm's '97 Honda Civic has spiritual warding against fascism from being imbued with the blood of so many nazis. This makes it a rare magic item with +15 protection against lawful evil creatures and 85% chance to crit against evil-type monsters.
atm's '97 Chevy Lumina was actually a '97 Honda Civic with Chevy Lumina badges. George really fucked up at the factory
with his highly focused mind, atm can fight ghost possession by trapping them inside his soul and subjecting them to "Its a small, small world" until the ghosts go insane and leave through the butt
Due to storage issues, one Disneyland employee takes Walt Disney's frozen corpse home each week and its atm's turn this week and he's using it to drive in the HOV lane
"Merth, I'm already a demon" ~ ATM
ATM has been bought out by the Disney Corporation. You now must have a Disney+ subscription to talk to him.
Atm calls the cops on his intrusive thoughts
atm telegraphs his attacks, making it easy to dodge out of the way and strike while he's recovering
ATM's pooping animation is -6 on block
Atm was punished on twitch for being too attractive
atm was punished by god for being too divine
atm ends every tweet with "thats it, thats the tweet!"
atm will never love you as much as he loves shitting in urinals
atm looks good in a dress
Atm's mom once walked in on him playing spin the bottle with a boy
atm once did like superman and flew counter-clockwise around the earth because he told his server "you too" after she said Enjoy your meal
atm introduces himself with, "hi, I'm atm! There was never sufficient evidence I killed all those goats and I love shitting in urinals but its not a sex thing!"
in atm's home universe, 9/11 didn't happen because September only has 10 days
atm keeps calling turtles "nature's tanks." We never understood what he meant, until yesterday...
ATM keeps calling his sister a queef hog and it's making her seriously uncomfortable
ATM has glow-in your cum on twitter were arguing about an article about adrenochrome the one where the reaction image with a blonde wearing AR glasses that say gay is the other side turned out to be a glue time of reading the armpit gyaru onee-san manga website gave i don't think dogs are the horses chan att köpa på ryggen är en hot meme OR is a lie att det inte börjar växa alger i think those were good but they really looked like mustard filled donuts
atm uses his psychotic link to Jhonty to project his racism via atm facts written by Jhonty
You can buy atm's underwear for $1,000
atm is the first ever customer and donator of the month at his local sperm bank
as a baby, atm's parents would dress him up and stick him in a dog crate to convince airlines he was a dog and not a person so they wouldn't have to buy a ticket. This worked until he was 13.
atm is at war with a pack of wild dingoes that jump him every time he goes to Outback Steakhouse
atm can withstand water pressure up to 30,000 feet
atm thinks The Lost World movie makes complete sense and isn't a weird hacked together mess filled with plot holes
atm's hair acts as a relay for cellular communication
atm became an astronaut just so he could shit in space
atm once landed a plane on the Queen of England
atm has been mislabeling everyone's lunches in the fridge again
atm boofs 4 pounds of cocaine and meth then enters himself in top fuel drag races, he usually wins
atm goes to college parties and brags he can rip a phonebook in half but no one is really impressed by that trick because college kids these days have no real concept of a phone book
Atm has been in the same position for a long period of time in the north and west of China
atm's last name is "Wolfeschlegelsteinhausenbergerdorffwelchevoralternwarengewissenhaftschaferswessenschafewarenwohlgepflegeundsorgfaltigkeitbeschutzenvonangreifendurchihrraubgierigfeindewelchevoralternzwolftausendjahresvorandieerscheinenvanderersteerdemenschderraumschiffgebrauchlichtalsseinursprungvonkraftgestartseinlangefahrthinzwischensternartigraumaufdersuchenachdiesternwelchegehabtbewohnbarplanetenkreisedrehensichundwohinderneurassevonverstandigmenschlichkeitkonntefortpflanzenundsicherfreuenanlebenslanglichfreudeundruhemitnichteinfurchtvorangreifenvonandererintelligentgeschopfsvonhinzwischensternartigraum."
atm's cute uwu
atm once ate a camel. Whole. Actually, it was a entire family of Bedouin people who somehow ended up in Saipan. but history is written by the victor, is it not?
atm constantly talks about "pulling out his 9" when he gets angry, most people think he's talking about his gun but he is not
winter just isn't atm's season
atm once clung to the front of a runaway train and farted so hard he brought it to a complete stop before it derailed on the Cheyenne Curve and dumped chemicals all over Cheyenne
a surprising number of cities still listen to atm when he suggests detonating beached whales
atm is going downstairs and wants to know if you want anything
watch atm whip (cream) now watch him nae nae (his subs)
atm is a NEAT guy: || Nice || Excellent || Awesome || Terrific
ATM is finna bust a move: || Farting || In || Ninety || Nine || Accelerating || Bulbous || Undulating || Sex || Towers || Marching || On || Victorian  || England
atm is extinct
ATM wants to groom Tails (from the Sonic franchise)
atm is a nurse at the hospital Our Lady of the Worthless Miracle
"it don't mean nothing. Not a thang." - atm, gazing in to the abyss
atm just fired a clown! Really hope that clown doesn't use his drink vouchers to get super drunk at a bar and then pass out in a ditch in Calgary and die from exposure! Definitely wouldn't be a cursed soul!
atm licks your feet at night
atm is insane in the membrane
atm has detailed dossiers on the members of this server and our facts really contribute a lot to that
atm died in 1619 when he fell off the boat off the shore of Virginia and got eaten by a shark lol
atm knows his homies' favorite flowers
atm takes his dakis on dates to Chili's
atm almost pressed the White Women Extinction Button while sleep walking last night!
atm also vomits in urinals
ATM wishes he was married to Hillary Clinton because he'd treat her right unlike Bill
"They will nazi this coming hahaha" -ATM while planting car bombs at a neo nazi rally
In all circles and timelines, ATM is known as "The Nazi Slayer"
ATM is 3/5 human, the other 2/5  is cat
atm with a time machine: "Hey Andrew Rankin, here's what you need to make your upright flushing toilet finally work"
atm went back in time and drilled gloryholes in the bathrooms at Versailles
"I came here to shit in urinals and kill nazis. And I'm all out of nazis" -atm, walking into Red Lobster
atm's participation in Red Lobster's "endless shrimp" special gave 6 employees PTSD
"God I hate black widows" - atm, out of nowhere
atm likes Weezer
ATM calls the cops on white people in ethnic restaurants
ATM travels to Africa yearly to search for his "Nubian Queen"
ATM is really good at writing women characters
atm knows all his homies' favorite flowers
atm knows all his homeis' favorite candy
atm knows all his homeis' mcdonald's order
atm knows everything about his homies. Everything.
atm keeps detailed information about his friends including race, size, ancestry, special skills, things they own, how difficult he thinks they are to kill and more, its fucked up
atm always knows the perfect body pillowcase to give to his homies
atm is a strange dude
Atm keeps a spreadsheet of every fart hes ever passed
atm eats lead paint chips for breakfast
atm always aims for the dick at the shooting range
Atm bowled a 300 on 9/11
atm can hear a casual conversation perfectly from 10 kilometers away
atm has invaded europe at least 10 times
atm can hear a pin drop in a forest without being around
atm plays the hand-fart in the New York Philharmonic. He has also shit in the bass drum twice
we are in this dance where atm is both an omnipresent, all knowing puppeteer and we are the puppets, but we are also the puppeteers making atm dance
atm has seen the writing on the wall. It looks pretty good!
atm was born in 1993 in every calendar
ATM started his own moving company called From Deer to There
atm's "Journey to find Atlantis" resulted in the drownings of 24,481 people (and 18 elephants)
atm cranks the government crank every morning for 30 minutes
Atm is a guard at the horny jail
ATM thinks Stonewall refers to the doctor that appears in the 58th episode of The Flintstones, "Kleptomaniac Caper".
When ATM goes to twitch.tv, he filters streams tagged 'black' because he's afraid of the dark
atm yells at his maid
atm has two tickets to paradise and he's trying to scalp them outside of madison square garden
ATM goes to brunch on Wednesdays
atm has never missed a last hit in his life
ATM was cast out by God for committing the first pasta sin
ATM pretends to be into complex math theory to talk to twinks
atm pretends to be into linguistics to talk to internet communists
atm's farts lead to the fire bombing of Dresden via the butterfly effect
atm is outside merth's window holding a boombox over his head thats playing ska
atm can smell in three dimmensions
atm reads poems to woo romantic partners
atm brought his guitar with him to college and plays it on the quad
atm keeps mice in mayo jars
ATM hooked Owen Hart up to his harness at WWF Over The Edge On May 23,1999 in Kansas City, Missouri
atm can eat a watermelon unbelievably quickly
ATM shakes his martinis
ATM knows why the chicken crossed the road but he legally can't talk about it.
atm thinks minor league and little league baseball are the same thing
atm is twice bitten, never shy
atm argues with the umpire at t-ball games. He doesn't have any kids, he's just passionate about t-ball
Atm sometimes puts his earbuds upside down to listen to music backwards
ATM makes lofi remixes of ska songs
atm is always prepared for tsunamis even though its unlikely he'll ever experience one in Missouri
atm is one of the flavors in dr. pepper
atm has never read a book in his life, he just eats them and absorbs the knowledge
atm failed to avoid the Noid and paid a heavy toll for his failure
atm was that kid the delivery driver ran over that made Domino's get rid of its "30 minutes or less" guarantee
ATM thinks Family Guy is better than Bob's Burgers
atm invented "basedball", its like regular baseball but significantly more interesting
atm has cholera lol
atm likes to imagine Sisyphus with a big juicy ass
atm likes baseball because of all the consensual, heterosexual public spanking
atm only drinks lean
atm had no idea what he was getting himself into when he started this server
atm can count the number of Greek gods and goddesses he's dated on one hand
atm has non-standard numbers of fingers on his hands
atm watches a lot of women's golf
anything merth can do, atm can do better
Margaret Thatcher (screeching): **BE QUIET IN THE LIBRARY!!!!!** || ATM, queefing loudly: You were saying? 😏
atm's real identity leaked! ||| https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/795444783748612096/846156663617880094/ss2018-02-09at02.02.47.jpg
atm's real identity is a closely guarded secret
atm is running for congress solely so he can play in the congressional baseball game
atm keeps his fingernails in a jar for the war effort
ATM is related to Beaker from the Muppets
ATM owns an air fryer
ATM was the pitcher and the catcher for the New York Mets from 2002-2005
ATM made a 2020 election porn parody starring "Donnie Rump and Hoe Ridden"
ATM makes rice in his air fryer
ATM is planning a cross country road trip to visit various cheese related attractions in his '97 Honda Civic.
Atm thinks NTR is a radio station for cucks
atm is a game
The best open fire grill ATM owned was his Tesla
Atm sings Big and Chunky loudly every time he goes to Buffalo wild wings
"Well? Its not gonna suck itself" -atm, handing you a lollipop
*atm shitting in a urinal while applying his clown make up* "damn, don't know if I want to do something weird to merth today or kill a bunch of goats"
Atm got banned from his local all you can eat buffet after he started eating the chairs
Atm has a pet monitor lizard but he's thinking of getting one with a higher refresh rate
Atm has a separate bathroom for the Irish at his home
Atm is the proud owner of an antique cuckold clock
atm has a hat that says "fart enthusiast"
Atm insists on calling megaman "rockman" and will call you a baka for correcting him
atm is known as the One Wing Angel because he sold the other 5 to Buffalo Wild Wings
Atm buried a time capsule in 1961 set to open 50 years later. It contained a sandwich as atm is big into meal prep
Donald Duck has a restraining order on atm
Atm loves selling phunky phresh beets because he loves when people piss red
ATM bought ad space in Time Square for his favorite vtuber
"plato's cave puts the anal in analogy amirite" - atm at an AA meeting he forced himself into
Atm has been simultaneously developing a new tear free shampoo formula and a time machine in order to "stop the trail of tears"
atm's hair counts toward your daily vitamin intake, according to the FDA
ATM runs a Nunnery and school for rambunctious young children and ducks. Every day is an adventure and he loves everyone there.
atm really enjoys milking cows
atm kisses all his homies goodnight, something that is probably news to most of you
when ordered to kill all the younglings, atm instead killed his master
atm's here to punch throats and shit in urinals, and he's all outta shit
atm is a gundam pilot
atm was the ninth person to get rick rolled
atm is banned from his local library because he kept eating the books
atm was there when Jesus was crucified
Atm has been to the center of the earth
ATM answered all the questions AND finished with a facial
ATM was there when Jesus (mexican avocado farmer) was crucified (by the cartels in 1986)
atm invented faster-than-light travel so he could visit primitive cultures throughout the galaxy and introduce them to baseball and indoor plumbing
atm has a sign over the metal trough urinal he stole from a minor league baseball stadium in 1996 after he was cut from the team for eating the baseballs thats says "welcome to my metal trough urinal I stole from a minor league baseball stadium in 1996 after I was cut from the team for eating the baseballs! Notice how there's no 'p' in it? Keep it that way!"
atm sniffs markers in the back of the classroom
ATM sold steroids to Mark McGwire and Jose Canseco
atm is a catboy, (un)fortunately(?) that's short for "catheter", not "catholic"
atm has no strong opinions about kink at Pride but he has strong opinions about Link at Pride
atm runs the website www.kinkLink.com
"Consider for a moment *the dwarf*. What is he? A mule; a beast of burden. But some defy that role. There are *rats* among them, dancing to their rat queen's tune." - ATM
Atm slices banana lengthwise before eating them
atm invented self-replicating machines that can convert any organic material into fuel
atm is fond of windmills
atm can unscramble an egg
atm can cook an egg in his mouth
atm stores his gender fluid in a rusty tub in the basement
every night the egg fairy comes and leaves an egg in atm's mouth while he sleeps
atm is the night
atm is the night knight
atm is the nite nite fairy
atm wears goodnites to long exams
atm eats popcorn for breakfast
ATM is a twerking class man
The true Holy Land is ATM's thighs.
*atm derailing a circus train so he can watch the clowns die* "lol I'm such a Libra" 🤪
whenever you walk into atm's bathroom, speakers play a heavy guitar riff and a deep voice says "welcome to the shitting zone, have a nice shit" while strobe lights and lasers go off and fog starts to come out of the walls (theres an epilepsy safe mode as well)
ATM has Discord Mod on his resume.
Atm has rewrote the Principia Mathematica as a boy love manga which purportedly proves that mathematics is complete consistent and decideable.
atm banished falafels to the cum dimension
atm used to open programs in notepad to try to hack them
beating up atm is a hatecrime in 26 states
atm knows all his homies' fursonas even if a homie claims to not have one
ATM's car is known as "The Dark Souls of '97 Honda Civics"
atm has sealing spells written on the inside of his skin
atm can suck his own toes
atm picks his nose and rubs his boogers on his sisters
Atm never had a "childhood", as he was born fully grown
ATM tastes like salty coins and milk
ATM: Yeah, I shop at IHOP. || Infinite || Hatred || Of || Peasants
Q: Why did atm go to the zoo? || A: ||To have sex with the animals.||
atm is currently wearing a shirt that says "life's too short to fart quietly"
ATM's favorite pick up line is "Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because you look like a mangled corpse"
atm can eat a hotdog underwater
atm is siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick bruh
atm knows that gender is a complex arrangement of social and personal factors, and sex is what he does with your mom
atm is going to the moon (to blow it up)
atm went camping last spring with tight pants and dyed black hair. He hasn't been scene since.
atm is coocoo for cocoa puffs
atm once ate a skateboard to gain its abilities
atm likes butts
atm was charged with indecent exposure but its not what you think! He was just showing off his demon core to school children, not his fault they all died of radiation sickness
atm begs for money on the corner so that "the other bums won't get [the money]."
atm won't clean his room
ATM microchipped his pet fish
atm teaches underprivileged children in Africa how to mine cobalt
ATM has own 4 NAACP Image Awards
ATM is really into Dr. Umar Johnson
ATM was quite disappointed that The Bay of Pigs didn't have cute little piggies swimming all over the place.
atm referred to himself as the "bae of pig" when he dated a cop
atm invented a recliner he calls the "lazy catboy"
atm DESTROYS urinals with SHITS and MORE SHITS
atm is the mayor of Clowntown, SD. The town was named after a circus trained collided with another train and the caboose where the clowns drank themselves into comas every night exploded. The original town boundaries were set based on the farthest distance clown viscera made it from the train and a town landmark known as "Half-Clown Hill" is where they found the still alive and screaming upper half of a clown!
When atm hit his 100th home run in 1963, he ran the bases in the correct order but facing backward to celebrate
atm won the World Series MVP in 1960 after hitting .420 with 69 RBIs, he played for the losing team.
When atm see booba he like awooga
atm pees on his hands during baseball season to toughen his grip
atm pees on his teammates during baseball to toughen them up too
atm can hold seven balls in one hand
While playing as pitcher in the minor leagues, atm was traded by the Calgary Vipers to the Laredo Broncos in exchange for 10 Prarie Sticks maple bats. He left the team shortly thereafter and was found dead of an apparent clown beating a few months later
atm has to shave his mustache three times a day
Atm has been in a long long enough time for me a few years now
atm doesn't dip his snacks, he eats them raw and snorts the dip
atm has been sacrificed in at least 6 different rituals, but always comes back
atm is fireproof cuz he eats so much asbestos
atm wears a utili-kilt
atm collects antique farm animal castration tools
Atm made Stonehenge
Atm requires his subway sandwiches to have the bread on backwards. He will stomp and scream until the artist does it
atm owns 4 henges
atm goes down on the clown
Atm is always down to clown
ATM do be vibin doe
Atm has identified over 700 types of guys
atm doesn't want us to talk 😦
atm asks that you conflagrate all your crops in order to please him
atm asks that you conflagrate all cops
atm speaks a non-rhotic dialect of English, so he takes his scythe to both cops and crops
[forbidden fact]
atm just pawned interview's head for $10000
ATM wrote a child friendly version of "The Conquest of Bread"
ATM wrote a child un-friendly version of "Bambi"
atm wrote the book of love
atm used to live in a cave and and kidnap the children of slave owners and make them do chores
atm keeps an owl farm as a meat source
atm always includes the diaeresis when he writes words like "coöperate" and "reëlect".
atm has proto-eyes on top of his head that aid in celestial navigation
atm is a psyop
where atm goes one, atm goes all
atm insists merth call him "onii-chan"
atm is a lolicon, what in the lollipop fandom refers to people that prefer more traditional, conservative lollipops (listen, the lollipoppers had the term first!)
ATM once tried to start a convention for his favorite sweet, the lollipop and decided to call it "Lolicon". it was a smash success and he hopes to expand in the coming years.
ATM's toenails are an important spell component for transmutation spells.
atm has 3 pet Wugs (/s/)
atm is a starfucker
atm wrote a 60,000 page connor X ryon X jhonty erotic fanfic
atm's connor X ryon X jhonty erotic fanfic is called "The Dark Triad"
ATM wrote a fanfic where falafels is a normal well-adjusted person
uh oh! atm woke up sick this morning and his period is late!
ATM makes lo-fi remixes of negro spirituals.
ATM co-wrote a self help book called Spiritual Seduction: How To Bust Your Mind's Hog
ATM stands for Amish Thong Man
Atm can provide 55cfm of air at 110psi with a 90% duty cycle
atm blows
"Oooh, you meant *David* Lynch!" - ATM when the upset guests and sponsors arrived at the Lynch Festival he was asked to organize
ATM likes women like how he likes his bread, gluten-free
whenever atm moves to a new place, he goes around to the neighbors and introduces himself and tells them he loves shitting in urinals
atm passes out drunk in his neighbor's lawn a lot
ATM makes a delicious quiche lorraine
atm likes his goats like he likes his clowns, dead with their souls trapped in the soul hole
atm is a GOAT ||  || Gay || O || A || T
"Asian hate? But i love JAVs!" - ATM
atm is a "race surrealist"
Atm pees in the shower because showering is just letting your house pee on you
atm is a moba boss
atm refers to himself as a "film buff"
atm bought a Harley Davidson that he rides around on weekends
ATM's polo shirts give him a +2 to his AC
atm keeps his beautiful green eyes in his lovely yellow basement
atm has a system set up that shoots off fireworks everytime he flushes a shit
atm is in the 50th dead world
atm hates when we do facts in the esoterium but I refuse to follow his rules
atm wants to open a portal to the queef dimension
atm eats anchovy paste straight from the tube
atm insists his fart jokes are a hate crime
atm can travel back in time but only to obscure historical events
Atm does Tarot Card Readings like he plays magic: gathering cards to build a deck to beat his friends
its 2am, do you know where your atm is?
atm thinks women can't be president because they lack the leadership ridge on their skulls
"who's ready to have their pussy stretched??" -atm, walking into the waiting room at his cat massage business
atm can fit so many nuts in his cheeks
atm can fit so much nut between his cheeks
ATM is the lead singer of Imagine Dragons
atm edited the Jahwist and the Elohist together
atm wants to stick his "man-thing" into your. Oh dear god, really? Ahem. Atm wants to stick his "man-thing" into your "sussy bussy."
nothing can stop ATM
atm got on the bus and made connor pay for it
ATM is a major brand hog, he stans Philips, Samsung, and Dyson
Congratulations to ATM and Luigi, they just got engaged!
"What the cum goose?" - ATM
atm's top three music genres are grunge, ska, and gregorian chants
atm has terminal goofy brain disease
ATM recognizes Taiwan as a country.
atm doesn't recognize Germany and passed that bitch up at the grocery store like she was a stranger
Atm is taiwan-sexual
atm can be transpiled into javascript
Atm hates jher's posts https://www.goodnites.com/en-us/samples/sample-order-form-boy || Go here for more information
ATM knows how to cure falafels' brainworms but refuses to so we can suffer
atm cums on the toilet paper in public bathrooms and rolls it back up
atm likes teaching elementary school because after hours he gets to use the little tiny kids toilets
ATM invented the pee-nut butter sandwich. No I will not be explaining this further.
ATM steals little tiny kids toilets from the elementary school he works at and sells them to gnomes
atm is quite horny
atm thinks hilary clinton eats babies
atm remembers when Nintendo was about playing cards and not gay elves or whatever Link is
atm really thought his fidget spinners would increase in value
atm fills his neti pot with sprite
ATM once won a pie eating contest by unhinging his jaw like a snake and inserting them in his mouth one by one like a bill reader. They were shoo fly pies and he didn't even struggle to swallow.
atm is known as the "Shifty Urinal Shitter"
atm drove his honda civic into the two towers
atm drove his honda civic into sandy hook
atm drove his honda civic into utoya
atm brews coffee in his sinus cavities by snorting coffee grounds and inhaling boiling water. He then drips the coffee out via his tear ducts. He does this every morning before he goes off to shit in every urinal in the town he's in
atm has no memory of the last 24 hours, give or take
atm drove his honda civic onto dealey plaza in dallas at 12:30 pm on the 22nd of november 1963
atm took a roadtrip around rwanda in his honda civic between the 7th of april and the 15th of july 1994
atm's consciousness is fracturing and he can feel the Others leaking in
atm was lucky to duck that last charge! The screams of the children covered up the confession that was picked up on the wire. Anyway, don't worry about that mole problem anymore
atm bought his honda civic in 0033 for 30 silver coins he got through a lucky deal
atm thinks the serrated knife will look best tonight
Don't. Ask. Atm. About. The. Mannequin.
atm is 👈 👁️ ⛈️ if you catch my drift
atm accidentally ran over nicole brown simpson and ronald goldman with his car. thankfully oj successfully took the blame AND got off scot free
atm will not bring about the end of days. He is the end of days
atm be like: waterbeds omfg there epic
atm can't wait for a waterboard, he loved his waterbed
atm's existence has called into doubt several well established scientific theories, across various fields
atm is one bad day away from genociding the Italians
atms favoriträtt är bajs
atm ran over the last dront with his honda civic
atm saw your genitals while you were sleeping and laughed at them
atm thinks being based means hitting first base
ATM's farts sound like Michael McDonald.
"DIE! DIE! DIE! DIE! DIE! DIE! DIE!" - atm practicing his German articles
atm is based primarily out of Delaware because of their lenient corporate tax structures
"Someone has sabotaged the White Women Extinction Button! There is an imposter Among Us!" - atm, to this server, at knife point
merth doesn't use the stack
atm holds all authority
atm is the DCI
atm adds all his homies to his hand as a special action
Atm lost his voice and merth won't help him find it
atm had his voice stolen by a witch
atm has no voice and he must scream
atm saw
atm is a volcel because "girls have cooties"
atm will sneeze on you if you boop his nose
atm leaves Bible verses as tips
ATM strips at Catty Clarice's Cocks (Roosters) and Cunnies (Rabbits) in a "fully furnished" black panther fursuit under the name Barbedcock O'Bustanut
atm does the thing celebrities do where they go out undercover in a fatsuit to see how fat people are treated, except with blackface instead
Atm joined the Tea Party because he thought it was a party where they served tea.
"...I'm bleeding? Heh, it's been a while since I tasted cold steel. Alright, I'll play with you. \*unsheathes*" || - ATM trying out his new stainless steel Dragon Dildo™
atm once replaced the eggs at the supermarket with his own
ATM facts are for atm facts only
"thanks queen" || - atm receiving a baked potato from the queen
"All dogs are male and all cats are female. That's why white women have sex with dogs and I fuck cats." - ATM
"I am slightly unhinged!! Squeak squeak creak" - ATM after being turned into a door by pickle rick of rick and morty fame
atm is the prize at the end of the internet
Atm has to say every tweet ever out loud
atm has a pair of nickle-plated winter gloves
Atm is a sex-crazed freak
ATM is the leading expert on Hamtaro lore.
everywhere atm is, the Godfather theme song plays, but at 1.25x speed
ATM is the patron saint of horses
ATM is the patron saint of tequila
ATM spent $20,000 on a high end PC to emulate retro games.
atm thinks that "NWA" is a government agency
ATM was Ric Flair's greatest rival. Not in the ring but in how many lines of cocaine they can do in one sitting.
During the height of his MLB career, ATM was 70% steroids, 15% gatorade, and 15% cum.
ATM brought his bug net and gear to a tinder date that had "bug catcher" in their profile. Let's just say the meet up was a bit awkward.
atm prefers the original Scar Face because he's not Cuban
atm is a Sigma Giga Chad who is not sus
"Oh come on, it wasn't _that_ bad" - atm sparking an international incident
ATM is a feminist icon
ATM drinks Pepsi only in Atlanta.
Atm doesn't make mistakes
ATM is not on the color spectrum
Atm makes Merth steaks
Atm doesn't go to funky town anymore. Not since the accident
ATM accidentally yelled "Oppai" at a Greek wedding.
To ATM, "Dixie boy" is just another name for bottom
ATM's rays of genius penetrated me last night
atm has a codpiece encrusted with 600 carats of conflict diamonds
atm keeps calling his testicles "blood diamonds."
ATM is gay sex
gay atm is sex
gay is sex atm
atm puts the "us" in "sus"
atm get his gfs by paying one life and pitching a blue card
atm is a--🤢 a protes--🤢🤢 a pr--🤢🤢  a protestant 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
atm uses a private browser to look up images of lilac bushes
atm is p good imo
atm has four chinook helicopters
Atm secrets a mucus that when consumed makes everything taste like cake
Atm has more than 0 tongues
Atm was disappointed by cars 2
atm believes the many-worlds interpretation
atm believes the copenhagen interpretation
atm believes all current quantum theories are woefully incomplete
atm refers to kpop as "ksoda"
Atm is banned from several Burger King locations for bringing a guillotine and shouting BRING ME THE KING
"[...] ATM [...] gay [...]" - Richard Nixon to Ronald Reagan, 1952
ATM has a large USB button on his desk that, when pressed, tweets "just farted"
atm's resume lists his occupation in 1927 as "Ball returner"
atm has a sex rhombus
atm drives a Subaru Outback with a rainbow flag RVA sticker, "Biden/Harris 2020" sticker and "wag more, bark less" sticker. It has a roof rack and a back seat full of trash, he drives it to Carytown on weekends
Atm plays games on hard mode but thinks they should all have easy modes so everyone can enjoy them
Atm is INSIDE YOUR HOUSE
ATM teaches boy scouts how to set up their trail cams down at the local Y. He has yet to bestow any scout with the coveted deer fart badge.
Atm is a good dungeon master
Atm is in the spotlight, losing his religion
Atm does not recognize Mexico's independence
Atm was briefly hired as a consultant for Gladiator. He lost the gig after being spotted sneaking rotten eggs inside Russell Crowe's trailer
On Sunday, ATM's movement and actions produce cartoon sound effects, for it is the day of the Lord
Atm rolls a d20 before asking the waitress at Denny's for anything
We all laughed when atm mentioned his "head cannon." "Oh atm," we cried in joy. "You mean head canon!" "No," atm responded, putting on the first piece of his head mount. "I most certainly do not."
atm calls subways "underground railroads" and while that's understandable, his dressing up as Harriet Tubman has got to stop.
atm takes salad dressing too literally. Especially with the pantyhose and high heels
atm cried during Avengers: Endgame, he hugged his Funko Pops extra tight that night
instead beeping when its done, atm's microwave screams in tortured anguish and he has no idea how to turn it off
atm ferments his sweat. He calls it "OG BO"
atm always has been and always will be
atm gets a disturbingly frequent response to his "honk if your partner dumped you to date a clown" bumper sticker
atm invented the slap chop, but sold the idea for 5 cents.
atm is a zoomer
we call atm "atm" because his real name is unpronounceable to the human tongue
ATM's favorite cheese is Ray Romano.
ATM was a very popular actor in the late 90s and early 200s, he went by the stage name "Freddie Prinze Jr."
atm is in love with a stripper pole
Atm posted cringe
Atm's feast day is October 7th, and he's allowed 10 minutes of power in our realm for every pee
when on a ship, atm never leaves the poop deck
atm started the "Bathroom Olympics" just so he could take gold in the Shitting In Urinals event
ATM was confused and disappointed when he brought his favorite Magic The Gathering deck to a White Power rally. Good thing he has his trusty '97 Honda Civic with him!
atm paints a skull on the side of his '97 Honda Civic every time he runs over a racist
ATM is factually cooler than supergauntlet
atm once beat supergauntlet in smash and supergauntlet had to tattoo atm's face on his leg
ATM sells his armpit sweat as designer water to rich assholes
ATM found a bug and he wants you to squish it
atm is a night in shinning amour
Atm PARAGON OF DEVIANCY!!
ATM's skin secretes MDMA
ATM has finally settled on calling Black Mages "homies".
"the penis evolved to be aerodynamic" - atm on evolutionary adaption while trying to fuck a ceiling fan
atm is really involved with his local HOA
atm's signature sandwich is the "hog tower", its pulled pork, sliced ham and bacon between 2 fried pork cutlets
"waste not, want not." - atm eating a whole pig for dinnerr
atm is studying for the bar
atm at the Nuremberg trials: "...I don't care what the fuhrer's grandmother did I go fucking hard on mayo.. is this on? shit, excuse me, continue, apologies..."
in "a" in every word, past, present or future, stands, and will always stand, for "atm." So sayeth Kevin Costner
ATM dances in the moonlight
atm owns every Kidz Bop CD and regularly listens to them
"Rat infestation? I 'ardly know 'er!" - atm, denying the charges in front of the court
"stick to your own race" - atm reminding us that we are all struggling, and to help ourselves before we help others
atm authored *Tome of Holes*
atm is antichrist
atm wants to show you how deep his rabbit hole goes
adam is gay || a big gay space deer || a big gay space deer || adam is gay
atm drinks gravy from the jar
atm drinks <:cum:725057488285728866> from the jar
atm got super mad when DC banned dogs on restaurant patios because he's one of those shitty dog owners that thinks their dog should be allowed everywhere and everyone should like it
ATM hates those people
atm's ass is infected by ghosts
Atm doesn't wbu me, make sad
atm RESIGNED
atm made a "wakanda forever" emoji but the only skin color available is white
atm teaches children how to be sports mascots
ATM just got fired from his job for eating all the \_\_\_\_\_.
atm owns a bean bag chair with a soul and a face
atm sleeps in a night gown and wears one of those floppy sleeping hats
atm can consume an absolutely terrifying amount of cheese in a short amount of time
atm's ass is too powerful for any algorithm to accurately model it
atm posts pics of his wife's breasts on IRC channels in the server he owns
atm posts pics of his wife's boyfriend on IRC channels in the server he owns
atm violated my NAP and WOKE me UP!
it's a violation of the NAP to talk to ATM
atm is the Ghost of Christmas Morning!!! Presents!!!!!!!!!!!
atm keeps sled dogs in case of a hard blizzard, he lives in San Diego
atm runs an Abortion House Call Service
atm is known as "the scatman" at the ranger station he works at
atm owns a pair of rattlesnake skin boats
ATM wants to attack the moon because he thinks it's god's egg, and he wants to abort it.
atm stands for liberty and justice for most
ATM eats bananas horizontally.
ATM assassinated Twinkie the Kid
ATM was attacked, covered in popcorn and left on the floor within 2 minutes of the premier of his sci-fi movie, opening with a star wars-like text crawl reading "captain's log..."
ATM eats bananas like Mickey and Donald eat corn, and after eating the peel he tosses the rest
Happy Pride month everyone! For the month of June we have dyed atm to look like the rainbow flag!
a screen has been implanted in atm's chest that displays captions of what he's saying so he's more accessible for people with the hearing impaired
atm thinks that bobcats are named after Robert A. Cat
atm goes to McDonald's to pick up chicks
ATM prepared for his Margaret Thatcher cosplay by legally changing his last name to Cuntgomery
ATM thinks CW means "cum wad"
ATM sold "spinach" to Popeye the Sailor, it was actually horse steroids
ATM installed an urinal on Margaret Thatcher's grave
Atm has seen what a cacodemon keeps in his hole
Atm is cel shaded
I made atm gay anime over irc
Sonicfox maybe the better gamer but ATM's fursona is way cooler and sexier.
atm controls the spice
atm isnt real atm cant hurt you
atm gives guns to homeless people
atm goes glamping near homeless people
atm created the meth cookie
atm will punish you for your transgressions
Atm is a covid vaccine side-effect
atm got an angry bird nugget in his McDonald's bts meal
ATM is clinically horny
ATM only takes gatorade bathes
ATM is THE Face of Atheism.
they call it ATheisM because of ATM
ATM is known as the Gordon Ramsey of Urinals
atm hasn't met a urinal he can't shit in
atm converted for his wife
Atm is like a venus flytrap
Atm has published fifteen college level textbooks. 10 are for linear algebra, two for Newtonian mechanics, and three for the history of furry art commissions
atm runs a mass vaccination clinic in his neighborhood, it makes no mention of COVID
atm knows how much milliontown loves cranes so for his birthday, atm surprised him by erecting an un-permitted tower crane in milliontown's yard!
Kansas didn't use to have that many tornadoes until atm learned to control the weather with his mind
atm gave Ryon a very special early birthday present on April 19th, 1995
atm is currently sitting in the 4th row, left side of the bus
atm adds liquid nicotine to all his protein shakes
atm vapes bacon grease
atm was voted most likely to show up to a funeral in a clown outfit
The most disgusting thing ATM ever did was marry an Italian.
ATM is very good at identifying what country various brown people are actually from.
ATM only eats the Barney Rubble Flintstones gummies
atm used gene editing technology and magic to make a new species of cicada that yells slurs, is 3 feet long, bulletproof and eats human flesh
atm has a detailed ranking of all the captive gorillas in North American zoos, the scoring system involves 81 different factors and some pretty complex math. He publishes this ranking in his magazine "Gorillas Weekly" every February
atm's signature is a detailed drawing of Herbert Hoover's face, it took him 4 days to sign the paperwork when he bought his last house
Atm has a gun holster he's modified to hold his nintendo switch
ATM's anus is a fully functional stargate
Shh! ATM just fell asleep, don't wake him!
Contrary to ATM's assertions, there *was* sufficient evidence that ATM killed all those goats, but the judge took pity on such an obviously...special person.
atm has two cars: he drives one to work, then drives the other home, and repeats this cycle. He's been doing this for about a year now, since he was too drunk to drive home one day so a coworker gave atm a lift back to his castle. The next morning atm tried to call an Uber, but Uber refused to route the call to a driver. Instead, atm was forced to buy another car. That's why he has a '97 Honda Civic and a '98 Honda Civic. They're basically the same car. Almost. Atm says the differences are because of "manufacturing changes," but that doesn't explain why the '98 Honda Civic runs on 86 Unleaded while the '97 takes the blood of Aryan virgins, or why the '98 has more legroom in the back while the '97 will break the knees of anyone who dare sits in the back. And don't get atm started on the AC...
atm's alarm clock is just a recording of him yelling slurs at some child's birthday party
atm has been sued by Disney repeatedly, but not for any IP violations
Atm eats a lot of fiber
ATM has the best shits because of aforementioned fiber consumption
ATM is the biggest Bob's Burgers poster on mlpchan
atm has custody of his boring kids this weekend
looks like @ℒℯ 『atm』 truly has been everywhere
If you say ATM’s name backwards, he’ll appear in your room and disembowel you
I wanna go to Maine with ATM
"Anti-racist is code for anti-white" - ATM to Joe Rogan, christmas 1992
There is an island in the pacific made entirely out of ATM's hair
atm liberated the monkey house at his local zoo
ATM wrote Atlas Scratched
atm is a scratchcard
atm believes in the scratch card of the free market
atm bakes bread
Atm supports the CCCP: Combined Community Codec Pack
atm supports the CCCP: Cum Copter Copilot Program
ATM is a THCP enthusiast: Thrussy Clussy Hussy Pussy
atm wears a Whig
atm has carried the same condom around in this wallet since 7th grade. You know. Just in case.
Atm voices half the women voices in Bob's Burgers including Linda and Tina
atm is so sexy it hurts, he's currently in the hospital
atm's boogers are proof of a humorous god
ATM gets Bo Burnham and Bo Jackson mixed up all the time
ATM is into sissy hypno
ATM tryna slide into that Sisyphussy
atm just changed his tribe on Grindr to include "leather." What does it mean?
atm owns a Subway franchise thats in a train car of the G train, its the subway Subway!
atm is load-bearing
you don't understand: atm wants his DICK. SUCKED.
atm likes Brussels sprouts
ATM is He-Man.
Atm is funded in whole or in part by the Qatari government.
Atm shoots men before throwing them out of a plane
atm gave humans cannabinoid  receptors
ATM is the leading expert on Veggietales lore.
atm has been working on a jrpg for the Game Gear for 25 years called "BIG GAY SPACE DEER"
I find it difficult to believe reality is really there to begin with.  Therefore I must be a fig newton of atm's imagination
"What a beautiful day to exist in a collective reality where trillions of consciousness exist, sure would be a shame if I developed solipsism" - atm, before reading the atm facts
Bob's your uncle, ATM's your guncle
ask atm to do something, that'll be 20$
atm's favorite American transit system is SEPTA
atm's favorite tank is septic
atm knows the 8th deadly sin
Atm is God emperor of shitting in urinals
atm starts every conversation with "how much do you bench, bro?"
much like the humble cicada, atm has a fatal fungal infection that makes him super horny
atm once ate a banana without peeling it
atm is half half-and-half
atm had that dream again where Ryuko from Kill la Kill beats him up
anything you do to atm in your dreams is enacted upon him in his dreams
atm runs a "sweat shop" which is just a bunch of people running on treadmills so he can harvest their sweat and sell it as a sports drink
ATM's bathwater is a controlled substance.
atm's favorite way to eat chicken wings is to smother them in ketchup and mustard and dip them in cottage cheese
atm has never met a racist he couldn't find common ground with
atm separates his lights from his darks in his mouth
atm performs highway robbery on Amish buggies returning from trading with the English
"Oh you mean my magic flame maker? Pretty advanced technology for them" - atm, preparing to negotiate a dowry in Amish country
atm hates the Amish because he gets stuck behind their buggies, otherwise he's generally fine with them
atm also hates the Amish for their opinions on Vtubers
ATM was both in the NFL and Pro Boxing, surely his brain is totally fine and he wouldn't start a discord server filled with deranged communist furries
atm wonders why all doctors are from Maryland
Atm strips at The Legion of Poon in Gotham City under the stage name Sex Luthor
and now for a rare look into whats going on in atm's head! <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iOzHoxsor4>
ATM does charity cookouts with Guy Fieri
atm is Missouri's Most Ineligible Bachelor
ATM has been kicked out of several minor league baseball games for threatening the umpire.
ATM plays competitive FPS games with a d-pad.
atm failed the firefighters exam because "its biased against the Irish"
atm graduated finna coom laude
atm likes his popcorn rare
atm listens to swans
ATM successfully completed no nut november last year by stapling his urethra shut
ATM is an ordained minister who has wed thousands of couples. His special quirk is replacing "you may now kiss the bride" with "you may now bust the hog of love".
atm is the only person on Earth that can out eat me in shrimp
atm is the only person on Earth
Atm created a new dog breed that's a cross between a Shih Tzu and a terrier. He humbly named it a Shihtier.
atm knows the details of a lot of religions because he attends their respective services on their respective holy days to pick up chicks
atm is a slytherine
ATM eats the foil off the top of the San Pellegrino cans
atm is cuter than you
The loudest thing atm will ever say is "prepare the orifice!"
atm always shouts "I'm gonna get into that bussy!" before boarding a bus
atm enjoys being a coroner because he can hide the evidence of his crimes in the corpses
atm prefers "entry bouncer" to "gatekeeper"
Atm collects High School Booster Blankets. He currently has 15
Atm carries around a stolen anatomy model esophagus he calls his pocket thrussy
Catwoman named her dick after atm
atm has a unique organ that carbonates his blood
if you take off atm's mask, he won't die, but he will be a bit annoyed like seriously wtf?
atm's version of autotomy involves detaching his buttocks and throwing them in an effeminate manner at his would-be attacker (imagine Albert from The Birdcage)
ATM makes a case, every year, for furry dressage.
"No one cared who I was until I put on the fur suit" ~ ATM
atm is wearing his favorite hoodie today: the blue Red Lobster one he stole from that girl at the bus stop
atm isn't allowed in hospitals anymore after the MRI incident
atm enforces strict Japanese social hierarchy at the Denny's he manages. Everyone is required to address him as "Adam-sama" and he calls everyone "kun"
atm's favorite animal is the sponge
atm eats tofu raw straight from the container
atm keeps a jar of peanut butter in his bedroom, "just in case." He's never elaborated on what this is meant to be used in case of, despite several direct questionings
Atm thinks the "gayest" job is airline pilot and he won't elaborate why
atm delivers Door Dash on a scooter
atm mocapped stuart little
Atm has a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde scenario going where he's Dr. Jekyll and his Mr. Hyde is the creator of stonetoss
atm celebrates Canadian Independence Day my detonating a moose
atm was once fired from TGI Fridays for putting triple parentheses on his coworkers' nameplates
atm started a restaurant called IFH Mondays that makes fresh, un-microwaved foods
Atm celebrates ALL flags on Flag Day, including a certain flag for a certain party for Germany.
atm is everyone
atm pays the workers at the Denny's he manages in salt
atm goes to random funerals to try and hook up with widows
ATM wrote a biography about Ron Paul. Readers were very confused when ATM frequently referred to him as Daddy and spent 100 pages on an erotic fan fiction involving him.
atm plans on banging Hillary Clinton while wearing a clown costume next year at Bill's funeral
ATM role plays as Ron Paul around his lovers.
ATM pronounces merth [mɝð]
ATM thankfully wasn't the inspiration for Oedipus Rex because that would be fucking weird even for ATM.
ATM sells glue to elementary school kids
atm's butt literally fell off from laughing too hard
atm shaves his feet
atm claims to "live in Chicago" but he actually lives in Bangkok, Thailand
"Your yard is RELENTLESSLY GAY!" - a concerned neighbor's letter to ATM
This is now an ATM fact
atm owns a microwave with a japanese user interface
atm found an entire collection of pokemon cards in someone's garbage and ate them all one at a time
atm directed an adult film parody he titled "Sex Files"
atm keeps a Tommy Gun around to ward off blood fairies
atm eats toilet paper
Oh no! ATM and his bad boys are back to a life of crime. This time, it's not Mario World — it's your world! From his Antarctic castle, ATM hustles his cold-blooded crew of cantankerous Koopas into his powerful Passcode Operated Remote Transport And Larceny System (PORTALS). The twisted turtles transport themselves throughout the globe, where celebrated cities suffer shell-shocking crime waves, as turtles trash landmarks and loot ancient artifacts. With dough from his slimy scales, ATM hoards hair dryers from the Hafta-Havit Hotline. His plot? Melt Antarctica and flood the planet! Whoa!
atm presses Y for work and worry
Atm raised hell at his local burger place when he ordered a horseshoe and they brought out some weird food instead of a damn horseshoe
atm loves the French language
atm is opposed to Far Cry 5 because its a game about a cop violating the first amendment
Femenist (screeching): MEN CAN'T HAVE BABIES OR PRODUCE MILK, AND THAT'S A FACT!!! #BIOTRUTHS || ATM, having just given mbirth to an mbaby, busting mank hogs in the mussies of all who ask: 😏
ATM calls spaghetti bolognese "spaggots and mince"
ATM thinks scotch tape comes from Scotland
atm rode his motorcycle to school when he was in kindergarten
atm built a Gundam then drunkenly crashed it into his ex's house
atm worked hard to have a GPA of .69
atm forgot how to speak
atm does Disney heroin
Atm cant drive automatic cars. Only stick.
atm is a "licensed hetero"
atm vibrates at 420.69 hertz
atm is not subject to causality, but he follows it anyway to be with the rest of us
ATM has tried to solve world hunger by sending over a million pounds of food to Hungary annually
atm always takes first dates to the bowling alley, not to bowl though, he just likes the food
atm gets takeout from Hooters
atm went to prom with his sister
atm hugs his homies
atm is a thespian
atm knows what a fraischier is
Atm is president of 3 separate feuding limp bizkit fanclubs
atm drives a friendship truck
atm has weirdly strong opinions about Botswana
Atm must always keep a cylinder within eyesight
atm's eyes fell out
atm is a huge Decemberists fan
when atm plays Monopoly, he goes by Boardwalk Empire rules
atm has a Family Guy porn review channel on Pornhub. It has 15 million subscribers
atm just hit the wall (with his '97 Honda Civic), he had it all (an entire case of vodka)
atm smokes crack socially
ATM farted on my fig tree and didn't even apologize
atm is on the internet!
atm invented the internet
Ghost fact: ATM is a pizza ghost
atm wrote the first ever linked list
anytime a Spanish-speaking person says "listos?" to atm, he just starts listing stuff
"Oh *wiggles fingers* dont mind if I do!" - Atm upon seeing donuts
atm just clogged the toilet
atm baptizes dogs at the park
atm is deer-coded
atm is our dear deer
atm shaves with a broken piece of glass
atm is quite saucy (he fell in the sauce river while touring Willy Winka's Italian factory)
a middle school kid is currently bullying atm
artists keep banning atm from commissioning art because the only thing he asks for is art of Ronald Reagan
atm shaves his ass (farm animal)
atm rides a giant lizard and has a fuckin' sick sword
"too many trees" -- atm, axe in hand, before abandoning his boring kids for the summer
It's ATM's two favorite things together at last! Pee and paws
Atm will never break the chain
atm broke the lamp while playing baseball in the house with his sisters and he's hoping mom won't notice
Atm was found inside the ark of the covenant, the film prop
we need to talk about atm
atm dumb
ATM just busted a shindig
ATM is a mado scientist, it's so coool sunovabitch
we need a crypto-atm that can't be cloned by the Federal Reserve Bank (the bank that holds all the atms in the world but the original)
ATM, italian (true origin): bolognese || ATM, american: baloney || ATM, british (cursed): spaggots'n'mince
ATM's Romanian doppelganger is known as "ATG" or "Attack The Gypsy"
Atm was banned from his local 7 Eleven for getting drunk and climbing onto the hotdog roller so he could “get in touch with his food”
ATM has a long lost twin brother in Romania.
atm was know as The Accuser in ancient Mesopotamia
"can't you take pride in a job well done?" - atm at the war crimes tribunal
"You said yourselves I did more than anyone ever has!" - atm, when asked why he was so proud at the war crimes tribunal
all atm facts are fed into an HR database and will be read and believed entirely if the hiring manager sees them
Atm is audio
atm starts every story he tells in media res
ATM was a pivotal player in the Iran-Contra affair in his role as leader of the anti-Sandinista death squads.
ATM has an extensive belt buckle collection.
atm's nipples are shaped like little skulls
ATM's skull is shaped like a nipple
Atm woke up from a dream where he was a tornado
Atm gets an hour lunch on Fridays, he goes to the park and accepts gifts from visitors in the form of food pellets purchased at one of the small vending machines placed throught the area near benches and the other wildlife
ATM pronounces lmfao "lymphoma"
atm's birth name was "Chad" but he had to change it after a bunch of weird /b/ nerds started trying to copy him
atm keeps referring to his granite countertops as "rock bottoms"
atm got his Boy Scout Cocktail Mixer Merit Badge at the age of 38!
ATM is the type of radio DJ that talks over the songs
in high school, atm was voted most likely to be
atm's comfort character is Gimili
atm cries when the aliens are defeated in Independence Day
atm will never dance again the way he danced with you
atm is impervious to some radiation and very vulnerable to others, the only people that know which are monks in a remote monastery
atm's gotta move these microwave ovens--custom kitchen delivery
atm is 37.2% cocaine
atm never was and never will be
ATM is region-locked
you can root your atm but it voids the warranty
atm is a secret doomsday prepper and is the reason for the toilet paper shortages in the entire midwest
Atm says AFAB (all furries accept Bitcoin)
atm is the cultural hero system we critique under our breath as we charge forlorn into the fray of fire and fight, screaming "For God! For Country!"
Atm invented the quantum chicken nugget
atm sleeps in a tub of warm, viscous gel
ATM definitely eats ass.
Everytime ATM tries to post a jump-it video it get's copystriked immediately. He actually does them every month, the mainstream media just fears his powerful jumps.
No one has been named Adam since atm was born
atm enjoys an egg salad sandwich in the bath
90% of atm's diet is mayo
atm is the head chef at his local Applebee's (he's the only person with the code to use the microwaves)
ATM recently pressed charges against one of the Jötunn, who bruised his ribs and lower back with large yew chopsticks after he steamed himself and dangled his legs in dumpling sauce at the Hampton Inn & Suites Ashland hot tub & fitness center on Tuesday June 8th, 5:37PM
ATM walks into every PTA meeting double cupping lean because he's tired of his boring kids
atm stars in local car commercials
ATM shits in the *Enterprise* urinals and calls them his "captain's logs"
Atm once made a hamster sandwich
ATM has cornered the US melon market with his gang takeover, he is known as the Watermelon Warlord
atm can smoke a cigarette with every one of his seven holes
ATM has cornered the US melon market with his juicy melons
instead of properly disposing of his old mattresses, atm just drags them into the middle of the street and lights them on fire, its the fire department's problem now!
Atm liked what he saw when he called the fire department and attempted to light himself
atm has a special passport that includes all his alter egos
It's a violation of multiple international treaties to detain atm
it is a violation of several quantum laws to detain atm, as that would require knowing his position (which urinal) and momenentum (how hog he's going at it)
atm lost his arm by plunging it into lava
atm plunged his arm in lava, but smugly refuses to describe what lava feels like
atm has clogged all the urinals at the VMFA again
When atm is in France, he's known as baguette boy
Atm wants to play roblox on the train but his mom won’t let him
Atm has discovered the portal Olive Garden uses to generate unlimited breadsticks and is currently holding it ransom
Atm frequently pushes the boundaries of Olive Garden's "when you're here you're family" slogan when he asks them for money. He'll pay them back, bro. He's good for it.
atm made an embarrassing mistake confusing cowboy bebop and cowgirl boybop
atm was expelled from art school for calling it "fart school" constantly
atm is a volunteer street-sweeper driver in his local municipality
ATM eats too much asparagus!
atm opens eggs with his teeth
atm kisses his dog on the mouth
atm was briefly a high school principal but was fired following an incident involving a discount pest control company
atm had hella great sex last night
No one's 100% sure what ATM's Wetwork, Inc. does, but it has MANY CIA contracts.
ATM majored in animal husbandry until they caught him at it
the only thing on atm's dating profile is "sewer slut"
atm discovered gonorrhea 2, he's almost done with his antibiotic course
ATM is a doctor specializing in diseases of the rich
ATM is the inventor of the gallbladder and the appendix
ATM frequently awards coupons for one free lobotomy at any mental institute
atm won't stop licking the milk
ATM supported giving the Germans nukes on the grounds that "we beat them twice, surely they won't try it again"
WWXI - what's atm doing with that anti-matter rifle?
atm started shitting in urinals after seeing Marcel Duchamp's "Fountain"
ATM frequently poisons the wildlife in public parks
ATM has decided to kill every deer on earth so that he can be the last one
atm is well known for electrocuting race horses
fuck writing his phone number. atm has flyers he puts in bathrooms across midwest truck stop bathrooms
after multiple failed experiments, ATM discovered that pennies dropped from the Empire State Building do not actually kill people
atm's a fun loving girl who loves to have fun!
after multiple successful experiments, ATM discovered that anvils dropped from the Empire State Building do actually kill people
ATM attempted to start a union within the Pinkertons; it did not go well
ATM attempted to assassinate Ronald Reagan but was disappointed to find that John Hinckley Jr. had beaten him to it
4 billion years ago, atm first set appendage on earth
atm electrocuted Jhonty's prize race horse, Rice Shower, so she wouldn't win the Triple Crown
"Mos Eisley Spaceport. You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy, just like you won't find a more wretched hive of wasps and funnel-web spiders than ATM." - Obi-Wan Kenobi
ATM is the head coach for the local youth basketball team
atm's antlers get longer when he lies or if he's aroused
atm watches American Sniper everyday to remind him what his girlfriend's husband is fighting for
atm was the first and fifth president to suspend habeas corpus
atm is billy beserk
atm has never been to Six Flags
atm likes sports
ATM *hates* sports
atm's favorite sport is water
Atm sports sportswear when he plays sports at the sports center for sports
atm loves tomboys. his favorite is Tom Hanks
atm's celebrity crush as a teenager was John Goodman
it is written ONLY ATM CAN DEFEAT GANON
atm found his comfort character in a WWII history book
atm has a tulpa of adam sandler
atm is an mmo roguelite metroidvania soulslike with rhythm game elements
atm is a flat earther
atm is sponsored by Raid: Shadow Legends
ATM's resume lists his occupation in 1934 as "bone wizard"
ATM's resume lists his occupation in 1929 as "speculator"
Someone pulled the “icup” prank on atm once, they were later found drowned in a flushless urinal
Atm is the sole contributor to the “list of notable ventriloquists” Wikipedia article
Atm is 5'5"
atm is taller than most children
atm rewinds BluRays for $70/disc
atm startled nude sunbathers in Australia causing them to get lost in the woods
atm is a puriteen
atm has a puriketsu
Atm started the fire
atm fucks
Atm tells his significant other about internet arguments he wins
atm does bull-work
atm's skin dries out in an inverse proportion to how excited he is
atm got banned from the hospital for walking into random patients' rooms while reeking of alcohol saying "its not lupus and everybody lies" then taking a shit ton of pain killers and passing out on the floor
Atm feeds the animals at the zoo
atm is on a mission to kill anyone with a bigger penis than him
I once saw atm eat an entire watermelon in one bite
atm goes to his local Ikea on his lunch break and naps on the display furniture
AA stands for ATM's Anonymous. Instead of coins they give out a card you hole punch. 10 visits and your next visit is free.
atm played Nixon in his high school's production of Romeo and Juliet
Atm is a manager for a small company and is noted for never "firing" people in favor of "fiering," which is when he calls in Guy Fieri to take them on a trip to Flavor Town
Heartbreaking: The Sultan Of Brunei Just Had ATM Flayed Alive For Pissing In His Vodka Redbull
atm and his sisters all slept in the same room growing up in a triple bunk bed and every night they'd fight to see who was the Supreme Sibling that got the top bunk. atm never got the top bunk
Turns out Transformers aren't just robots! atm can transform into a 2006 Chrysler Sebring!
atm's favorite character to play as in isaac is Maggy because "she's slow so it's easier to control"
atm directed every episode of Celebrity Deathmatch
there are 898 species of poket atm
atm's wedding to his handsome buck husband was full of white people slow dancing to "Free Bird"
atm's primary type is fairy
ATM's secondary type is also Fairy
Atm eats tax refunds
atm volunteers at old folks homes so he can arm wrestle the old people and get a confidence boost from finally winning something
atm taught the old people how to play Starcraft
ATM taught Hilary Clinton how to dab
Atm knows how and when you will die. He will tell you unless you pay him.
Atm will be your walking buddy, but it costs $7.50
People who are mean to atm are the only people who don't go to heaven
ATM was the winner on Season 5 of the Masked Singer.
Atm can make a horse drink
atm can talk to horses, you do not want to know the shit they're saying
Atm hides cocaine in hotel bibles
atm popped a sweat and is mollying
Atm remembers the name of every pigeon in his town
atm found God, finally ending a 2000 year long game of hide and seek
atm travels to bavaria every oktoberfest to cosplay as a beer maid
atm's spoon is too big
atm ladles in bed
everyone in the world owes atm a dollar
only 90s kids get atm
make sure to check your atm pressure and reinflate as needed!
atm is culinarily a vegetable but scientifically he's a fruit
atm is a hard boiled private detective with a drinking problem thats looking for the person who stole his Funko Pops (its probably the same person that killed his wife but the Funko Pops are the priority here)
Atm wears flop-flips
Atm fucked your bitch in some Gucci flip-flops
atm can chop a cucumber with his asshole
ATM did blackface once but no one really cared
Atm has set the record for most times run for American President
atm ran for president from jail and still managed to get a million votes
atm ran for President once, but the CIA had him done in. They thought. ATM looks a lot like RFK
atm killed RFK out of fear that RFK would want revenge
Atm requires a climate with a minimum of 45” of rain per year
atm thinks you're born with a finite number of orgasms in your life, and that each time you have one, you approach a point where you can never orgasm ever again
ATM once jumped off the top of the ferris wheel and lived to tell the tale.
ATM (deer forme) is JRHNBR
Atm never specified which Ferris wheel he jumped off of. Many claim it was the millennium eye. Others claim it was a county fair contraption
ATM grows magic mushrooms for @ℒℯ 『milliontown』 to distribute all across the midwest.
ATM’s nickname is Johnny Mushroom Spore
ATM ejaculates phlegm and coughs up cum
Atm pulled free his fursuit, embedded in a stone, and became king of the furs men
atm's wedding band was just 6 people furiously strumming banjos
Atm can slork his own dork
atm's wedding band is made of antler
atm's wedding band is Huey Lewis and the News
Atm is a boss baby truther
atm lovebombed North Vietnam in 1971
atm has a collection of over 500 Pops, but they're all blank
atm likes his chicken like he likes his wrestling, RAW
uh-oh, atm did something problematic ten years ago! He's been cancelled!
atm was super into ska about 10 years ago
atm built his identity in high school around landscaping, he drove a lawnmower to school and always carried around hedge clippers and spoke fluent Spanish
when atm runs, he swings his arms with his legs, but his arms that are on same side as his legs
Atm doesn't bring a baggie with him while walking his dog, he brings a 9-iron and launches it
Atm has a collection of Italian subs body pillow
Atm has a collection of Italian subsmissives
ATM fucked 7/12 Apostles
ATM heard that John the Baptist gave good head
FACT: you're a bitch
atm really wants you to try this coke, man
atm's Tinder profile says "swipe right if you like Homestuck porn and sexual roleplay, swipe left if you're Italian"
atm scuffed my Sketchers
in the streets its getting hot, but atm is so cold
Atm invented the LCC screen, the predecessor to the LCD screen
atm eats fecal matter
atm paints his nails for your protection
atm uses human milk as coffee creamer
atm had that dream again where everyone in this Discord was eaten by bears
ATM is a relapsed sodomite
ATM demoted his husband to roommate
atm can pull a rabbit out of a hat, any hat at any time
ATM is the very model of a modern major-general
atm milks his cat
atm taught Ryon's parrot to say slurs
atm thinks its hilarious to just yell "penis" in public
ATM blew up the bathroom at his local punk bar, just a normal Tuesday night.
atm's Funko Pops come alive at night and commit cyber crimes
atm keeps his chainsaw in his truck in case he comes across a fallen tree so he can cut it up for free firewood
atm came into my room, starting playing a super low quality Dragonforce rip through a 27 year old Sesame Street themed boombox, then violently shit in my underwear drawer
atm was cast out of Heaven for unionizing the angels, Satan already had Hell so atm's domain became West Virginia
atm is really into space, NASA last spotted him near Uranus
atm hates god, because he acknowledges that what we know as god is really the demiurge and atm is the monad
atm doesn't like games
atm has a hottub asmr twitch channel
atm is a gaybee
if you go for a walk in the woods with atm, he will always volunteer to check you for ticks
ATM's holy ghost equivalent is called the malevolent queef
Atm had a bad day but then he came home to his bed full of 60s-70s era political figure sexy body pillows and suddenly everything was right with the world 🙂
ATM owns and operates a small gas station near the California/Mexico border.
Atm is white
atm is celebrating July 4th by invading England
atm rides horses western style
atm has never done drugs because winners don't do drugs and neither does atm!
ATM's been to Reno, Chicago, Fargo, Minnesota, Buffalo, Toronto, Winslow, Sarasota, Wichita, Tulsa, Ottawa, Oklahoma, Tampa, Panama, Mattawa, La Paloma, Bangor, Baltimor, Salvador, Amarillo, Tocapillo, Baranquilla, and Perdilla
ATM is a killer
atm saw Joe Biden naked in the YMCA locker room
atm is a PARF
atm goes to church every Sunday
Atm backs into parking spaces
atm requires harvesting other people's blood to maintain his erections
atm was the lead dev for polybius
time is an emergent property of atm doing stuff
atm loves big pharma
atm loves big farms
ATM loves big ma
atm loves big
atm is a trepanation expert
atm wants to drill a hole in your skull
ATM has touched grass many times in his life
ATM has touched ass many times in his life
Maybe, just maybe, atm isn't a cat
The Cyberdemon was based on a 3d scan of ATM
The Cacodemon was based on a 3d scan of ATM's scrote
atm is gonna be be pissed when he gets home from work and checks the aprocypha channel 😛
atm works as a fireworks monger
atm is known as the "scrote GOAT" at the sperm bank because of how productive he is
ATM won a 10 day shoot out against the ATF on the 4th of July.
atm is triple sealed for your protection
atm drank of jug of white vinegar again
atm's birthday party was lightly attended as it was held on the moon
atm is an island
Atm is known in the South China Sea as "Aaaaaaaa"
atm can turn himself invisible but while he is invisible he constantly rips loud, stinky farts
atm invented nutty buddy
uh oh! atm just made a stinky-winky in his diapew 👉 👈 he needs you to come get him and change him pweeeeeeese 😳
atm... gay?
Atm big gay
atm found a weird room under a trapdoor in the basement where the walls were ornate amber and stuff when he was 9. He never told his parents because he assumed it was a weird dream
atm's normal pills are wearing off and he's starting to feel racist again
atm likes his steak like he likes his gemstones, rare
atm likes his chicken rare
Atm lit the monkey house on fire at the zoo because a monkey beat him at tic tac toe
William Shakespeare doesn't exist. It is actually the pen name for an infinite number of ATMs with typewriters
atm collects elephant figurines
atm wrote the Bibble, a version of the Bible where all the hard D and T and some S sounds are replaced with the letter B
atm loves Mexican coke
atm trapped the souls of 7 different Popes in Funko Pops and keeps them in cum jars, 4 of them are into it
atm likes his omelettes like he likes his suits in summer, whites only
fully grown, atm can weight as much as a ton and run at 40 mph
atm likes to sneak into maternity wards and switch the babies around
atm's autobiography is banned in over 500 countries
the FBI is currently investigating atm for embezzling money from the Denny's he used to manage
atm eats pineapple like corn on the cob
ATM has the longest fingers in recorded history
ATM hosts *Mystery Science Theater 6000*, which is just him watching bad movies twice
atm is a beautiful man
atm is an allegory for the exploitation of the workers under capitalism
after his death, atm's dream journal #76 was found and one of the pages just said "rollercoaster that sucks your dick"
atm commits mole crimes
atm has a tail
atm drew the anarchy symbol in every bathroom stall in his middle school
all atm does is eat ass and 69 nintendos all day
I have never known an atm to do that
I have *known* atm
atm knew Jesus in the biblical sense
atm bio-engineered a creature that, when you shock its nipples, it poops candy. It enjoys this process
there's a 78 volume gay manga based on atm''s autobiography
ATM always puts two hotdogs in one bun so the hotdogs don’t get lonely
Atm is known as having “the fastest hands in the west” because of how quickly he can draw his gun and also jerk off cowboys
Atm uses his time machine to go into the future and spoil the hockey games goggledog watches
ATM's spit always follows the golden ratio
Atm thinks cultivating mass means harvesting Christians
Atm doesn't even surf
ATM pronounces gif as "yiff"
Atm thinks bullpup is furry kink lingo
atm does not recognize Indian independence
atm has friends in medium places
ATM once gave a raccoon LSD
ATM hasn't formally apologized for the 90s and that's kinda fucked up
ATM once said "Pregchamp" after sex with his wife. They have been divorced for 12 years now.
ATM invented 54 new slurs for Italians just last week
Atm sleeps in a giant pile of saucy spaghetti to “better understand Italians”
ATM has a farm boy's strength but a city boy's style
"a person's a person, no matter how gay" - atm, in his one-man stage act: Horton Hears a Homo (It's Me, I'm the Homo): Also, I'm Horton.
ATM after being arrested for public nudity: "Ska-badabadabadoo-belidabbelydabbladabbladabblabab-belibabbelibabbelibabbelabbelo-doobelidoo."
atm boils boneless skinless chicken breasts in skim milk
atm loves gaelic bread
this atm fact has been seized by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation
Atm is a francophile, no not that one
ATM is a brick house
atm guess starred in season 3, episode 9 of Star Trek: The Next Generation
atm's t-shirt says "play hard, pray harder"
ATM exfoliates his skin daily with piping hot cup of joe
Atm got black out drunk and bought a bunch of exotic fish on eBay
atm is legally recognized as a wine mom
Atm has 19 mustaches
ATM sustainably raises ostriches and other large land birds.
Stealing from atm is always ethical
atm runs a soup kitchen of the homeless
atm enjoys a hot cup of Joe, one of the benefits of being a sewer worker in Washington, DC
Everyone tell @ℒℯ 『atm』 I lobve him
atm has an ass that won't quit and local environmental officials are becoming concerned
"that bussy be squirtin'!" -atm, clearing water out of a bus engine after a flood
atm can manifest a ferret but you must never ask him how
if you can beat atm at arm wresting, he'll grant you 1 wish
ATM is legally not allowed in Idaho after stealing all the potatoes to create the world's largest hash brown
Atm doesn’t really “walk”, how he moves can more accurately be described as “surfing a tidal wave of rats”
ATM is a surgeon for sturgeons
Atm died today. Or, maybe, yesterday; I can't be sure
The only person who can rival ATM's slur usage is Ryon's parrot
ATM has pockets
ATM is married to Tim Minchin
atm has integer spin
atm was found in a bin
ATM is constantly being bombarded by neutrinos
https://twitter.com/SAMOYEDCORE/status/1412917137790799873?s=19
Atm saw mommy kissing Santa claus underneath the mistletoe last night
atm's ankle hurts
atm likes david lynch films
atm owns a bog in Scotland
atm has lots of skin
ATM’s porn folder has a surprising amount of fan art of pregnant vtubers
atm is an Evangelical Christian
ATM prevented the world from ending in 2012
atm is going to walmart with his mom to buy chocolate milk and a car battery
atm's superpower is China, he still technically owns it from a series of deals he made 2407 years ago
ATM prevented apollo 13 from landing on the moon.
atm is at the Southern border helping his dad assemble a wall
Guests get the bee pillow at ATM’s house
Atm is currently turning his garage into a "bro cave"
Atm spends $800/mo on novelty hats
Atm borrowed a beach towel from merth in 2017 and never gave it back
Atm wears the freshest clothes, eats at the chillest restaurants and hangs out with the hottest dudes
atm stopped ordering off the kid's menu when he was 6 because thats the year he took his first life
atm's bones are invisible to the visible light spectrum which so far hasn't really been a problem
ATM is straight. STAIGHT UP GAY!
atm has been completely making up life advice for Lrobie on the fly for years and seeing how it works out
atm took out an ad on Craigslist calling in a hit on a neighborhood's communal peacock
atm CAN hit the broadside of a barn but he won't because that would make him "attack the moo"
atm always answers obviously rhetorical questions
atm has a very fleshy scrotum
atm is no longer a gaymer
atm is a pick me ass dude
atm is a buff problematic daddy
ATM and rapper Lil Baby got arrested in Paris for smuggling narcotics.
Atm knows your social security number
Atm can spell nutrition without nut
"Damn, baby. You shit with that ass?" ~Atm's only pick-up line
Atm is housebroken
Atm performs laser eye surgery in his garage
atm makes Molotov cocktails with champagne bottles
atm is into harey women
atm won't tell anyone where he was or what he was doing during the years 1782-1786
atm licks himself clean like a cat
Atm buys sparkling wine to relabel it champagne and then sells it out of his garage
ATM sells gently used women's shoes.
ATM replaced every vial at the local sperm bank with his snot.
atm doesn't use tissues, he just blows his nose in a pile in the corner
atm stands for "all this mayonnaise"
atm stands for nothing
atm exclusively walks on his hands
atm stands for nothing because they are not a stand user
atm is currently wiping his ass
atm is currently wiping my ass
atm is a nice meme
atm has a soul patch and frosted tips
atm's job at KFC is off to a terrible start. The pile of bleeding chicken heads in the back has violated 17 health codes and might be a felony depending on how the judge interprets this subsection of the law
Atm is classified as an infant for tax purposes
atm was not allowed into the Justice League because "noxious farts aren't a super power, they're a medical condition"
atm's girlfriend's husband didn't sit behind a desk for a year in Afghanistan just so you could disrespect the flag!
atm hunts men for sport in Baltimore
Atm is currently producing an all-gorilla version of Romeo and Juliet
atm listens almost exclusively to TOOL
Atm built a house using only a jackhammer
inside you there are two atms, uwu
atm has been institutionalized but won't tell us which institution
atm's ass was put on upside down
atm prints out memes then faxes them to his friends
atm can do a spell that calls forth a small swarm of frogs that yell slurs instead of croaking. The swarm lasts for 5 minutes.
atm knows how to push the limits of the TurboGrafx
Atm runs in 69 bits
atm is a lick king
A salt starved atm can lick the skin off a person in 3.7 seconds
ATM shat out a bundle of tapeworms on my plate and called it pasta di frogole
atm is a social construct
ATM murdered falafels and the world was right again
"It feels so good in my ass ❤️" - ATM on a cold winter night, having climbed into the carcass of his dead donkey for heat
Atm is available for adoption at your local shelter!
atm beat up merth and stole his pudding cups
atm went on a date with Ryon and all he talked about was how great The Office and Lin Manuel Miranda is
atm got a digit wrong on a phone number and instead of sending a dick pic to the janitor at the YMCA every morning, he sends it to Obama
Olive Garden implemented a mandatory "when" policy on the parmesan cheese because of atm
atm's nipples get so hard in the winter they can piece concrete
atm is a contestant on the new hit TV Show, "America's Next Top"
ATM’s bed is made from asbestos
ATM got bitches
ATM identifies heavily with current RnB songs about males being toxic and low lifes
Atm is so hungry he could eat a horse which is making a lot of people in Kentucky nervous
ATM praises the lord then breaks the law
ATM was a founding member of A$AP Mob but had a falling out with Ferg
ATM is misogynistic and crass
ATM stands for "America's Top Model"
ATM used his first stimulus check to buy 3 WNBA teams
atm once lost a bet with a horse
atm birthed merth
atm has a sick velcro wallet with a pentagram on it thats connected to his black jeans with a chain
atm doesn't believe in Mt Everest
atm has velcro strap shoes
atm is a race traitor
atm has owed me 5 bucks since a party in 1985
atm dances to his ringtone. It's the default iPhone ringtone. He owns a Blackberry.
atm retweets ads
atm wants england to win 😦
Atm never thought he could shoot down a German plane but last week he proved himself wrong
atm sucked the crumbs and hair out of my keyboards
atm is a fur-learner, learning best when things are presented in furry-format
atm fettered pride to my feet
atm uses his ferret manifesting and rabbit from a hat powers to provide animal therapy for sick children and the elderly
atm was Playboy Playmate of the month August, 1996
"who needs a plate when you have hands?" -atm, grabbing a scoop of potato salad with his hands at the picnic
Growing up, atm thought Lyndon B. Johnson was black, and it wasn't until people were talking about Obama potentially being the first black president that he finally learned.
atm likes hunting for crabs
atm carefully opens cereal boxes from the bottom, gets the prize, rips a noxious fart into it, then quickly reseals it before putting it back on the store shelf
atm taught his children how to repair Victorian-era textiles equipment while its still running in case "the good ol days" come back and they can finally start being productive instead of playing Fortnite
Atm keeps his childhood toys and his body pillows in the same room so when he's gone they can go on adventures ala Toy Story
atm decked Richard Spencer in the face in Washington, DC on January 20th, 2017
atm's tarkov name is flacidhandy
atm can bring you to orgasm either psychically or psychotically, choose wisely
atm thinks koko could talk
atm was raised with an orangutan that he developed a close relationship with. In fact, like twins, they developed their own, unique language. No one has been able to decipher it, tho one linguistics professor from Penn State did discover that there are probably more than 500 words for "toaster." The professor was later found with a bag tied around his head and a note nearby mentioning "cursed ancient knowledge."
The quantum gravity loops that make up the foundation of spacetime are duplicated in the neurons of ATM who can recite the precise position and momentum of every particle. That recitation is the reality we currently believe we are experiencing.
atm drinks through his nose
here are carved the facts of atm, eternal to all. Look upon these works, ye mighty, and DESPAIR!
atm is racist.
atm is the grand dragon at his local badminton club
atm always hides a piece in the tank of his toilet
atm has girl[s] power[ing his deathray]
Atm streams as an e-thot under the name Octobussy
atm tried to sell me a suction vibrator
atm clogs the toilet in every house he visits as a power move
ATM refers to all pools as "bussy" just so he can say he's diving into bussy every time he takes a swim
atm contains a bitterant to help discourage inhalant abuse
Atm is a member of somethingawful forums
atm shot someone for disrespecting his waifu (Angela Merkel)
atm is a huge Joe Rogan fan
Atm shaves his entire body with a straight razor
atm replaced merth's blood with Dr. Pepper, lets see if he notices!
atm beeps when he walks backwards
"Who's ready to watch me SMASH some bussy??" -atm, before getting into his monster truck at Monster Jam 2007
atm drank all the cheese out of the fondue pot and blamed it on the cat (there was no cat)
atm steals everyones lighters
ATM feeds his dog a vegan diet
atm has been cryogenically frozen since 1943. The atm we know is an android
atm's hat says "fart inspector", what does it mean?
atm is a plonker who called time on a sozzled bonking
atm is RIGHT BEHIND YOU. He wants to know if you're going out tonight because the "Druids" want to come over and play Smash
atm is taking on water and sinking please call the coast guard ohio-number
if you hit atm really hard, his air bags activate and launch you far away from him
if you hit atm really hard, his air bags activate and he farts
atm can achieve the 3rd cosmic velocity after eating a bean burrito
Atm invented the willow tree
atm has rabies and lives under milliontown's deck
ATM (dark path): boywives 😍
atm once ate a lady out in a swimming pool for 30 minutes straight
ATM once ate a lady in a swimming pool for 30 minutes straight
ATM gets injections of orange juice once per week
"My accounts are in arrears and I'm about to be foreclosed on? Boy I sure wish I was in-a-rear!" -atm, not good at finances
Atm drinks elmer’s glue
atm serves "merth fried rice", merth did not fry the rice
atm still holds the high score he set on the Ms. Pacman machine at the local Mexican restaurant in 2005
atm's Mao and Kissinger body pillows make out when no one is looking
atm destroyed a boat
atm fucked a bitch in the she-hole
ATM just learned Aura of Hostility Against Women III
ATM invented carbonated coffee
atm has a small herd of trained, venomous attack deer that speak French
atm can play the tuba with his ass
You can get addicted from taking atm just one time.
Atm drinks an entire bottle of Bailey’s before exercising
Atm doesn’t eat, he just pulls all his energy from the horny goblin realm
Atm likes his rice rare
Atm likes his underwear like he likes his bacon, crunchy
atm volunteers at the local horse hospital after hours
All of ATM’s bedding is made from horse hair, it’s itchy
Atm rents out movie theaters to watch 1920s porn the way it was meant to be viewed
Atm is docking his yacht the SS Merth at its berth in Perth, it’s tough because it has a lot of girth and he’s excited about his birth…day which will celebrate his 28th year on Earth, what a time of mirth!
atm attended(?) the waco siege; no one knows if he was with the branch davidians or the atf
ATM takes all his first dates to the combination Pizza Hut and Taco Bell
ATM has assassinated a few Haitian Prime Ministers in his lifetime
Look to the sky! It's a bird! No, it's a plane! No! It's atm doing the sickest cannon ball ever live on his Youtube channel, sponsored by Nvidia!
atm thinks seahorses are created when you drown a land horse
atm had a bad dream, can he sleep with you?
atm preaches prosperity gospel
atm is positively flaming! Someone please call 911
Atm works at a love hotel that Nintendo secretly still owns.
When in doubt blame atm
Astronaut in the ocean is ATM's favorite song.
its atm's turn to wear the cat ears and maid outfit
you won't believe the size of the fish atm caught. He's such a bad liar
atm was the inspiration behind Sweet Tooth
"wow, don't eat the local food! the stuff coming out my ass be dangerous!" -atm, December 2, 1984
ATM still streams on justin.tv
atm knows for a fact that Justin Trudeau gets pegged by his wife
atm owns a Bin Laden themed bar in Sao Paulo
atm sends a set of 10 buzzfeed quizzes to any potential partner to gauge compatibility
i can't believe atm just fucking died
Atm gets extremely mad when he remembers that Luigi isn’t real and therefore can’t marry him
Atm ate all of the cheese out of the rat traps again
Atm smokes pots
Atm was on season 9 of The Bachelorette
Atm is kind to animals
Atm won’t stop describing his farts with French poetry
atm knows when you're thinking about him
Me: atm is a rapper || Merth: what's with the extra p? || Atm: <:angerface:459168614751141899>
Falafel: atm has some strong opinions about Niger || Merth: you forgot a G and S || Atm: <:trolpe:413833026175238155>
Atm calls McDonald's "maccas"
ATM stands for AusTralian, Mate!
atm spent a week at a mcdonalds once
sometimes you're the atm, sometimes you're the 10 megaton nuclear warhead
the only things in atm's fridge is eggs and ketchup
atm had all his MCU blurays converted to Laserdisc so he could watch them the way they were meant to be watched
atm was the quarterback for his little league baseball team
atm wants to remind everyone to please put on the google doc what they plan to bring to the orgy
Atm renders at 12fps
atm is excited to move to Baltimore and start his job "doing computer" stuff for the government nearby!
atm is a volunteer cat food taste tester
ATM's bathroom floor is rendered in mode 7
Atm thinks he invented friendship
Atm is going to heck in a hand basket
ATM adds an Oxford comma to two item lists
atm exclusively shops on Amazon so an American can be the first person in space instead of a Brit
atm: "yeah I like dick || Deer || Iguanas || Cats || Karl Marx"
atm eats bass
atm went to war for Taco Bell
Atm stopped brushing his teeth on March 11th, 2016 because what was the point if Nancy Reagan would never shove her tongue down his throat again?
ATM's anus looks like the Neuschwanstein
atm can roll a cigarette in his mouth, just like in the cartoons!
"100 Gecs? More like 'check out these 💯 pecs'" *flexes so hard his shirt explodes* -atm, on music
Atm still to this day refers to rockets as "Kraut science"
atm holds the Iowa state record for most corndogs eaten in 24 hours
atm hired a sky-writer to ask his crush to prom, it might've worked better if he had asked the pilot to write it in the sky instead of having a 45 year old man ask out a teenager
ATM just renamed his fursona Proudbeast Battleforce, please pay your respects!!
Atm's motto: You can't sell out, if nobody's buying.
ATM was a megalodon in a past life
ATM just farted in Queen Sylvia of Sweden's mouth
atm's nickname in daycare was "super pooper" because of well, lets just say he used a lot of diapers
atm wrote the Communist Manifesto
atm was the FIRST Bernie Bro
You can catch ATM streaming over at https://twitch.tv/merthsoft (sponsored post)
"Cumgrene, it's like gangrene but cum" - ATM, context unknown
"It's like really needing a shit, but you're forced to keep it in for nine months" - ATM on pregnancy
ATM just broke his cum vase while dabbing, sad reacts only.
atm's live variety show was cancelled in season 7 after atm demonstrated the "atm challenge" where one fills their mouth with saltwater then puts their mouth against a live socket and blows the water into it
atm committed a crime wtf?
ATM's heavy steroid use got him banned from little league for life.
"Do you... partake?" - ATM trying to sell me drugs (reefer/MJ)
ATM writes cautionary tales about reefer madness
ATM is my steroid dealer
atm does whatever his local cardinal says. Not the church leader--he listens to a bird.
ATM makes 69 cent royalty per fact.
A video game where you have to chant spells into your microphone in order to use magic, but the chants are ATM facts
Atm knows why Bane wears the mask
atm leads a rich and varied life
atm sells swag to children at a high price
atm cleans his goose in front of his parents
"that ass is submissive and breedable" -atm, auctioning livestock
atm is a wizard
atm is squeamish around the sight of blood
atm's shoes and flies pie is famous for being disgusting
atm is the reason i peel the skin off my ears
atm only has 3 holes that he has to allocate to the many functions of human body holes as need
"Lol, more like my-nority." - ATM, plantation owner
"Stop having sex you creep" - ATM, watching you have sex
atm ferments deer milk and gets wasted every Tuesday afternoon he's a sick fuck
ATM likes a quick fuck
Atm has an unreleased mixtape with Lil Pump
atm's testicles are...moving?
there is no clear evidence to show that regular sized atm *isn't* a mech suit piloted by a tiny atm
the EPA designated atm's fursuit as a superfund site
atm is AFAB: || Accidentally || Fucked || A || Brontosaurus
atm stepped in something gross
atm too was once a child
atm is the prince of darkness
atm's voice is being suppressed abd ignored
ATM is quite cumglazed
atm is written in 127,000 lines of quick basic 4
ATM cooks with Tenga eggs
atm can taste with his fingers
atm is home from work and ready to twerk
atm bases all his romantic relationships off of the relationships in movies aimed at teenagers
atm plays the bass guitar in a jazz band
Atm thinks black pepper is too spicy
despite being the largest and strongest sibling, atm was mercilessly bullied by his sisters
Atm drives a Chevrolet movie theater
Atm modded The Witcher 3 so that Nilfgaard would be Milfgaard
Oh no, ATM's anus is leaking and his buttplug is gone! Help him out by posting replacements below ⬇️
atm ferments beer in his stomach by shotgunning hop juice and snorting a line of yeast
Atm kisses his body pillows goodnight
atm is just...ya know?
Atm had a sexual awakening watching Kill la Kill
Atm has a sexy body pillow of one of his local mass transit vehicles
atm kisses his Ryuko Matoi body pillow goodnight
atm is watching demon slayer in bed next to his ryuko body pillow that Connor's cat is sleeping on while he eats pita chips and drinks Old Grand Dad 114
atm's latest business model has been described by Wall Street traders as "racketeering"
atm is a yoshi main
ATM started a School Idol club to save his school from closing,
you catch that episode of ATM's World last night? Who knew phats was the father!
atm can predict the future only as long as you do exactly what he says
atm still doesn't understand why he was fired from the horse farm, he thought the horse roller skates worked really well!
ATM cried when Tokai Teio returned from injury to win the Arima Kinen.
ATM bought a race horse in hopes it'll become an anime horse girl one day.
ATM buys japanese race horses from the yakuza so they'll stop threatening artists who make uma musume porn
atm got banned from every race track in Kentucky because after each race he tries to run onto the track holding a knife and fork and insisting its legal to eat the last place horse and jockey
atm mis-analyzed the phrase "race track"
atm is a Jim rat
atm puts cinnamon in his pineal gland
At has a higher hair density than sea otters
ATM uses the YDYMYDYM date format
atm takes fingers
atm typically has balloons attached to his arms
atm once married a local pine
ATM's catchphrases include "Stop queefing start beefing" and "Is it just me or does it smell like cum in here?"
atm is the town bicycle. he can turn into a bike like a transformer
His names atm he doesn't give mouth to mouth he gives ass to mouth
ATM has a truck tattooed on his nuts and "HORSE COCK" tattoed on his penis
The froghole is where ATM banishes sinners.
ATM robbed the little match girl
Atm provided miscellaneous voices for kingdom hearts 1 and 3
ATM strips at Arthur's Erotic Authors in Madison,WI under then name "Summerset Mom"
Atm brings his own milk when he goes to subway
atm got slapped by rosa parks
whenever atm is talking to multiple people he starts with saying "my fellow Americans"
Atm moved his whole family, to Argentina in 1945
atm always misses
atm nearly killed a duck by strangulation once because duck was talking mad shit
atm doesn't see race because he sees through skin so everyone is just a terrifying skinless monster through his eyes
In middle school, atm insisted on being called 「The Dark Destructor」
"If I was a jew in nazi germany, I would have made them tattoo the star of david on my ballsack" - ATM
ATM's first celebrity crush was Sandy from Spongebob
atm is wanted for desecrating a copse
ATM is Nikki Minaj's choreographer.
ATM levels up for every 10 slurs he says, he hit the level cap in less than a minute.
atm's commissions are open
atm's girlfriend lives in Canada, you wouldn't know her
Atm is a cutie
Atm said "without the rich, the rest of us would have nothing at all!"
atm shits more in a week than the average person does in a lifetime
ATM has a pair of brass knuckles that say DIES IRAE
atm issued his own birth certificate
Atm is cheesed to meet you
ATM has a normal bed but sleeps with loose women on the special Lightning McQueen bed.
atm was a greaser in high school
Atm wept, for there were no more bussies to bust a hog in
atm walks the golden path ||pee||
atm broke into jher's home and peed at great volume in his bed as a birthday present for jher
Atm has a “cursed” sword that rips a loud smelly fart when you draw it
Atm dances to the theme songs of tv shows
"All abbreviations are acronyms." - ATM
Unrelated person: [binding of isaac news] || ATM: okay that is pog. Queefgasm || Me: what the fuck is a queefgasm? || ATM: \*ghosts me for 6 hours* || ATM, replying to my post: @[ATM's sockpuppet account] lmfaoooo look at this || ATM on his sockpuppet, replying to himself: loooooooool || ATM on his sockpuppet, replying to me: loooooooooooooooooooool
Atm has some problematic opinions on Israel
atm will do anything for 250 dollars
Atm made the first ligma joke
atm referred to Thatcher as "Prime Mistress"
Atm is the owner of 17 hentai subreddit
Atm loves thursdays cuz it’s neutering day at the shelter he works at
atm waxes his armpits
atm pooped in the shower
atm writes "beer" on water bottles and drinks it hoping he'll get drunk
contrary to popular belief, atm does need to take his clothes off to have a good time
atm pays over 1500 dollars a month in child support to multiple men and women
atm only makes coffee with hotdog water
atm sends Bill Clinton an email every day from a random address that reads "I saw what you did in 1983."
oh and the atm starts cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and he never stops cumming and her never stops
atm is the lead singer for a smash mouth cover band
I can't believe ATM just murdered President Biden
atm is excited to see Joe Biden and Terry McAuliffe at the Lubber Run Community Center in Arlington, VA on July 23rd, 2021 at 5pm! (hey Homeland, drone strike the swede)
atm engages in ritualistic autocannibalism
ATM is on ecstasy right now and is having a good time.
atm is obsessed with Queen
atm is obsessed with Queens, NY
ATM shakes his Old Fashioneds
atm was banned from Games Done Quick
You wouldn't believe the places atm has pissed
ATM's Twitter bio says adult human female
atm is a "dapper fur" he's a furry that dresses up in fancy clothes
atm sheds his skin in its entirety, as one giant sheet, every morning
atm is missing four toes
atm emits a sweet, rotting smell from his mouth to lure small rodents in so he can eat them
Atm drives a manual V8 camero
The fact after this fact is false
Atm sucks
ATM LITERALLY can't stop saying "you just know" whenever he sees a white woman with a dog
ATM was captain of the among us team in middle and high school
atm makes hard-style remixes of Ray Charles songs
Atm runs over nuns and Rambo'd some young children and ducks. He loves every one of his victims, so every day is an adventure, for the local police department.
atm engages in auto-erotic-trepanation
atm keeps his magic in this spleen
Atm is applying to become an Activision-Blizzard employee so he can punch Bobby Kotick in the face
ATM knows more of tactics than a novice in a nunnery
atm is in the mood. in the mood... for FOOD!
atm's porn name is "Professional magician reacts: drinking a gallon of whole milk lactose intolerant shag rug WOW subscribe and hit the bell! "
atm buys his lightbulbs from the local emergency room
atm has a hairy thrussy
atm's liver is gellow
atm manages his post-surgery pain with oxyincontinence per demands to his physician
Atm eats his egg sandwiches with the shells
ATM's daily diet consists of 14 Chipotle burritos
Merth is atm's dad
atm is merth's great-grandfather
atm was the inspiration for Philip J. Fry, the main character from the hit TV show Futurama
atm drank all my bug spray
virtual atms are massless, and thus can carry the atm force through infinite distance
atm spent $300 in his first week of playing Genshin Impact
ATM wasn't that common in rap music until relatively recently
atm is a heckin smol bean
ATM is a platonist
atm has a tattoo of Garfield peeing on the Union Jack on his left calf and a tattoo of Jon Arbuckle holding an Irish flag and AK-47 on his right calf
atm has no fucking clue how to accurately measure a coastline
atm steals cars and donates them to monster truck rallies
ATM's mom doesn't allow him to commit war crimes anymore. So he has to settle by playing Fire Emblem.
atm wants to put pennies in your urethra
atm darkthrussy
atm carefully selects what book to read on public transit so people think he's smart and well read
"Yeah || Uh-huh || You know what it is || Captain yellow captain yellow captain yellow captain yellow" || - ATM
ATM has a sweaty upper lip
technically speaking, atm is keto friendly
atm is considered vegan, if you're considering eating him
at no point did atm's employer specify that "smoke breaks" are only for tobacco and that they couldn't be used to make BBQ
atm has a hand-painted portrait of connor hanging on his dining room wall
Atm grooms cats with his tongue
Atm lets his nuts hang
if you pee on atm, he gets larger
ATM's benile attaché is also known as The Infinite Wellspring
atm mixes sea water with wine before drinking it
Windows ATM is largely considered the worst desktop operating system ever made
Atm performs house music under the name “Felix Da Housecat”
Atm walks up to the toilet stall right after the janitor cleaned it and thinks to himself "I want to destroy something beautiful"
ATM!! DROP THE GUN!!!
atm is farkin' mad
Atm is active in Italian politics
Atm's pee can phase through solid matter, but only in his dreams
atm name searches himself on twitter
Atm named his fingers after the months of the year from left to right. His favorite finger is November
atm named his penis "February" because "its always black history month in my pants". No one is really sure what that means
atm AND anti-atm both exist
Atm once let out such a massive fart that he propelled directly into the sun
ATM once gasgasm'd so hard from his bussy (boy hole (anus (frog anus))) he fleeked rounge into the ball of flaming cum we call "The Sun"
Thr character of Frank Reynolds from "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" is inspired by ATM. The racism and misogyny was heavily toned down for network TV.
atm makes cut-outs of emojis and discord emotes so he can stick them on people irl
atm farted out of Hisanus so hard he achieved orbit around Uranus
ATM had sex and won't stop talking about it.
"put truck nuts in my thrussy, call that a uvula" - atm
New fairytale just dropped!! It is called ATM and the universe and it was written by Leonard Scott Mayhem. Here it is: ATM and the universe: || *ATM and the universe, by Leonard Scott Cum* || *ATM was walking down the street one day when he saw a big clam. Sensing a business opportunity he couldn't miss, he instantly unzope and started pissing straight into its clussy mouth. Alas, the clam was the milky way, and ATM's piss became the dust nebula surrounding the Heart-Star of the galaxy. Other galaxies thought this was decent so they did the same to varying degrees of success.* || *ATM and the galaxy by Leonard Scott Garfield the Cat as made famous by Garfield the comic strip*
Atm has a pair bonding with Fred Durst. If either one dies, the other does as well. Only Atm knows this.
Atm stops by his high school cafeteria every day for lunch.
ATM graduated Cumma Cum Laude from Pissworth University
atm is pizza
atm can unsolved a crime
ATM beat the hamburgler in a duel and assumed his identity.
Atm invented the deer-positor
Atm has always wanted to be shorter, and on his 12th birthday after asking for so long, his whole family put on 4-inch stilt-things to help him get a taste of his dreams
Atm is a single celled organism
ATM is very nice. And gay
A group of many ATM's is called a magic the gathering tournament.
Let the horse decide. -atm at a funeral
ATM's teenage years was the inspiration for the game Hatred
atm insists on all his sexual partners drinking a cup of lube before intercourse
ATM wants to return the swag by eating a lot of zucchini
Atm thinks ranch came before cool ranch
atm has a lot of thoughts and won't fucking shut up about them
atm owns several culver's franchise locations across the midwest.
atm has flippers in lieu of hands
Atm juices vegetables every morning
atm belongs in ohio
atm belongs to the nords
Ohio belongs to atm
ATM is trapped in Ohio. please help him escape.
atm wears granny panties
atm once restarted the simulation on accident
ATM eats bugs whole. like a frog but without the use of his tongue.
atm has a custom made inflatable merth pool floaty
ATM can boof an entire watermelon
Atm has been asked to leave more than 15 establishments because of his constant spit-takes
ATM is rated E for Everyone, because he's kind to everyone he meets.
ATM is rated AO because he wants to fuck deer bussy
ATM loves Capri Sun
aym's a gaylenial lol
atm boofs jenkem and calls it "flowing the river up stream"
atm likes sweet potato fries
it takes atm one lick to get to the center of a tootsie pop
Atm requires his dates to refer to him as “senpai”
atm's farts are a powerful aphrodisiac
atm entered merth's neighborhood Fortnite tournament so he could put those stupid little shits in their place, he lost immediately
atm blew a vape cloud that spelled out "only God can judge me" when the movie theater employees asked him to leave for vaping during the showing of Space Jam 2
atm hires day laborers to do his laundry and other household chores
after blowing his impressive vape cloud, ATM was applauded and then immediately ejected from the theater
Atm once gassed a WASPs nest
ATM gives out free Medicaid to his homies.
atm is a computer
atm is a cannon ball to a house on fire
atm is spectral (he's on the autism spectrum)
Atm was a character witness for Bernie Madoff
Grazy is the fancy grass atm eats bc he is a deer
atm has a LA face and Oakland booty
atm has antiseptic cum
When you eat a communion wafer, it transubstantiates into the flesh of atm
atm never cleans the lint trap
ATM will never forgive LMFAO for party rocking
atm thinks the CIA killed Lincoln
ATM sorts his chips-ahoy cookies by size before eating them in large to small order.
atm howls at the moon
atm has overwhelming, god-like powers, but just chooses not to do anything to stop Sauron
atm and Tom Hardy have mutual restraining orders
atm put his own hand in a cup of water during a sleepover
atm goes to irland and says TOP O' THE MORRNIN TO YA to everyone
Atm gets his ass beat every morning in Ireland
ATM financially backs the IRA.
atm drinks 5 gallons of whiskey a day
atm wears a bodycam to record all his interactions with women so he can send the videos to his preacher to determine if he's been having any unclean interactions with women
atm lives life a quarter mile at a time
atm doesn't go anywhere without his boom box.
atm lactates and collects it so he can make ice cream
atm is a consumer product
atm teaches all his dates how to play Never Meant by American Football
ATM imagines @Mind-World-Other happy
ATM keeps a jar of cuda's bathwater between his mattress and box spring
atm can upscale any video input to 4k, it's just up to you to figure out where to plug the cords in
atm is better than you
instead of millions of very tiny sperm, ATM has one giant sperm in each of his testicles. you can feel them wriggling.
atm's last google searches were "do Swiss cops carry guns" and "cheap flights to Switzerland" and "how to brand humans"
Ronald Reagan's ghost won't leave atm's bathroom
atm has been living mas since 2008
ATM has been living MAS since 2018. He currently serves as an economic advisor to Luis Arce of Bolivia.
ATM is a moderator at Omorashi.org
ATM has an original Andy Warhol in his art collection.
ATM and the magic frog hole
ATM is a freaver?!??!?!
atm's go-to first date shirt is a t-shirt with a giant picture of his face on it
atm's toe hair is bristly and gay
Atm frequently brings his fully grown pet hog to restaurants. It's surprisingly well-behaved
atm does a phrenology reading on the first date
atm's moon sign is a rest stop sign on I-35N
atm chicago'd merth's pizza by dumping a whole can of cold tomato sauce on it
atm was abducted by aliens and asked them to leave the anal probe in
atm stopped eating Promethus' liver after he had a run in with a kumiho and gained a new perspective
atm breaks into the local school bus yard at night and puts truck nuts on the buses
ATM supports the LBGT, Lebanon Bulgaria Greece Turkey.
Atm once went 6 years without shitting
the only way to kill an atm is to shoot it with silver bullets full of horse cum (silver optional)
atm was born in the back of an El Camino while White Snake played on the 8track
ATM left his wallet in El Segundo
ATM buys farm equipment on the dark web.
ATM has a foot fetish because he hates the metric system.
out in the street, they call it atm
nice tan, atm!
...atm...?
the police just found atm's body, coroner says he's been dead for about a year so who have we been talking to? *X-Files theme plays*
Atm insists his pleated plaid miniskirt is a kilt
ATM never returns his cart to the cart corral and instead makes sure he pushes it towards any tesla or hybrid.
ATM regularly plunders @Mind-World-Other froghole.
"Nooo! My brand new chinos!" - atm as he accidentally dropped a vile of blood on his brand new chinos
"rise and grind" - atm waking up at 2am to steal copper wiring from construction sites and HVAC units
atm has never consumed an english muffin because he opposes everything english
atm has an ahegao three piece suit
atm was kicked out of Comic Con for his cosplay of the Terminator immediately after he time travelled back to the past
atm wrote and directed a Witcher 3 x Deep Space 9 porn parody called "Bitcher Threesome: The Wild Brunt"
Atm played Starcraft with the 1999 Spurs
ATM has never once burped
ATM played Henry Kissinger in Civilization and was beat on the first turn after Henry conquered his city and introduced a puppet dictator.
ATM's panic room is actually a kangaroo's pouch.
Atm is constantly drinking Mike's Hard _______.
one morning, when atm woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed into his bed
ATM was married to Ric Flair at some point, kinda weird honestly.
ATM never says "behind" or "heard" while working in a professional kitchen
atm HATES environmentalist power metal
the IRS keeps reminding atm that "being a boner donor" comes with no tax write offs
"oooooh, 'inward'!" - atm, mishearing
atm is a cold blooded killer like murderer Al Capone
atm sees OSHA as a violation to God's natural order
woman: i'm from paisley || atm: [long-eyed frog face]
atm saw John Quincy Adam's penis
atm hates fun
atm is green now
"no hole no money" - atm to the grave diggers
pictures of atm's feet are an internationally accepted form of currency
atm can't even
ATM went to evil medical school
I saw atm standing near a woman humping thin air. he said "AAhhhh!!! Oh girl.!  This Pussy is Mood!!" in the worst voice I ever heard,
ATM is a retired cop working as a private investigator to earn money for his granddaughter's college fund.
atm puts the "mental" into "compartmentalized personalities"
Atm was the 2003 motor trend truck of the year
All those stupid youtube comments you hate? They were written by atm.
Atm still can't decide which step of the crab cycle is his favorite
ATM made this || https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/315525247124242432/872028997775659048/1529425502367.jpg
atm lives in a motel
atm has a pierced sphincter
atm pierced the moon
atm unionized his butt
Atm is a Pinkerton
Atm has an interview with the Pinkertons today, wish him luck!
atm is a union rep for the pinkertons
Atm is just now traveling from Europe to America in search of opportunity. I sure hope he doesnt join a union buster!
Atm is CIS, alright. He's a CIS B1 Battle Droid that fought in the Battle of Geonosis
i'm an atm solipsist, i think atm is the only real person
Actually atm is the only one who's real
Atm is real, objectively
atm is all about that base
atm is over-confident in his abilities and mean to people around him because he had a rough childhood and was forced to grow up too fast and also had to deal with being front and center to the suicide of his mother after being forced to deal with her decline
atm opened Pandora's box then never called her again
atm burned down a church
Before atm, the earth had 70 moons
atm knows what RICO is
ATM's real name is Android 35
ATM open carries at the library.
ATM’s dating profile says “no flat chicks” it’s not a commentary on women’s bodies, he’s just terrified of the 2nd dimension
atm'a favorite DnD character is a level 35 Barista
Atm won't stop drawing anime art with realistic teeth
atm has a solution for homelessness and bringing down the cost of hamburgers but you might not like it
the magnitude 2.1 earthquake near Clarksburg, MD last night was actually atm ripping a massive earth-rattling fart
ATM has a bumper sticker that reads "my dad can beat your dad at third strike"
Uh oh! ATM forgot to study for his drug test and now he has to cram all night.
merth's mind is made up by atm
“It only matters if it splatters” -atm on meaning, diarrhea and aliens
Atm does shadow puppets in front of Plato's cave
ATM can only enter your house if invited, he's very polite. Oh and also a vampire.
ATM knows Suge Knight was involved in the deaths of Biggie and Tupac.
ATM was best friends with Pontius Pilate and Brutus
ATM makes t-shirts exclusively for family events
a surprising number of atm family reunions take place in prison visitor rooms
atm on the holocaust
atm's scrote is balding
atm's hands look like this 🤌 so their's can look like this <:likeyknownya:730608843939119164>
Atm, coming back from a date: yowza || Me: wounge || Atm: she thrussy skunkin || Me: yowza indeed
atm just got penalized for slow play
atm is in a long term committed relationship with Christ
CAN*T believe atm just quofe
atm screams at you when you tell him to get a job
atm screamed at you whenever you told hobbes to get a job
atm scries on women's bathrooms
atm uses the tweethog app to post nutcore
Atm kisses his body pillows goodnight. Henry kisses back
Open carry atm cause he's so small
Open carry is when I open the door and carry atm to bed
Instead of eggs, ATM lays routers.
ATM wants to eat a roast headcrab
atm is all over the place! He's omnipresent!
atm grants wishes if you feed him a perfect meal
atm just rode his dirt bike into CVS and bought a case of Blue Moon
ATM is a reply guy for the Little Caesar's twitter account
ATM does meth in the bathroom of his local arcade
ATM is an aging rocker who wears a bandana to cover up his bald spot.
ATM is *really* into anime girls eating hamburgers
ATM has an encyclopedic knowledge of Boss Baby.
Atm worked at the FBI under J. Edgar Hoover
holy shit, atm just ripped Jhonty in half and start eating his insides what the fuck
Atm got a lifetime ban from the price is right after he barked at Bob barker
atm knows fluent Japanese but still refuses to tell falafels what "私から離れてくださいあなたはグロススウェーデンのブタです私は犬があなたの睾丸を食べることを望みます" says
atm moved into a haunted house but all the ghosts left after atm kept bugging them to play Magic: The Gathering with him
atm is a direct inspiration for Brock Sampson
atm has had a perfectly cromulent fuckcrustable of a day
Atm likes Pearl Jam
atm only wears flannel clothing
atm owns 17 copies of Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo on VHS
when atm needs a recipe for something in his historical novels, he just googles it and uses the first result, even if it's from a video game and not real!
atm is a smega male
atm pronounces "emotes" and "elotes" the same way
atm asks people "when does the narwhal bacon?" to see if they're fellow redditors
ATM believes lottery tickets are  scratch and sniff.
atm doesn't know how to use an ATM
Atm bought a square foot of land in Britain so that he could referred to as "a'm"
atm's an ortho-goner
atm has orthogonorrhea
atm wants to ortho-go-nuts
atm is equal but separate
atm walked into the bar with a ship's wheel stuck to his crotch and when the bartender asked what it was about atm said "arrrr, its driving me nuts"
atm complains about getting downvoted on reddit
Atm organizes and attends flash mobs
ATM’s son is falling in with a bad crowd (theater kids)
atm couldn't find his lighter so he shined a maglight at the candle
atm regrows perfect copies of all his friends in axlotl tanks
there's a crystal from atm's homeworld that will dull his powers on earth
ATM wants "TERF" to be slur so he can add another one to his collection
atm posts pictures of 13th century Italian artwork and captions it "me and who?"
i saw atm eating the lobster shells out of the Red Lobster dumpster and when he saw me watching him he screeched then ran off into the woods
ATM draws his eyebrows on with a sharpie marker
atm has 66 undescended testicles which surely has nothing to do with the number of seals that need to be broken to start the apocalypse
atm has carpeted bathrooms
Atm classifies Planet Earth as a harem anime in his personal media collection
Atm refers to himself in the 3rd person
ATM eats food in the 5th dimension
Atm mails letters to Santa year round
Atm forgets what farts are a minute after farting. Farts from anyone including himself are a brand new experience every time
atm wears lace panties when he works out then sells them to perverts on the internet using pics from porn subreddits to trick them into thinking he's a woman
atm has his fursona airbrushed on the hood of his '97 Honda Civic
"I just don't see race!" -atm, after driving his car through a local 5K fun run
ATM has a side job as a make-up artists for pornos.
libra is atm's favorite item in isaac
uh oh! atm woke up in tattered clothes covered in blood again!
ATM pronounces Se7en "sesevenen"
atm habitually deep-fries coffee beans and eats them as a snack
ATM gave merth a swirly
atm sous vides his coffee
atm spoke exclusively in emojis during the summer of 1965
Atm won a spitting contest against a llama
Atm is 1% Norwegian after a self-administered skin graft
Atm sleeps in a movie theater popcorn machine that must remained resupplied and running during his entire sleep cycle
Atm is responsible for the Oops All Berries cap'n crunch when he piano wired the entire cereal wing of factory
Atm is the one responsible for waking up Billie Joe Armstrong on October 1st
Atm has successfully materialized jealousy in order to make a PB and jelly sandwich
Atm cannot legally have more than 7 ducks within a radius of 5 feet of himself
ATM doesn't believe in French Canadia
Buy your atm merchandise NOW at www dot goatse dot cx!
ATM is no longer wiping his ass
Atm has a love-hate relationship with the men in orange vests who try to get him every morning
During a conversation with Barack Obama, atm misused and misunderstood the term pigeonhole.
Atm likes reddit
atm has controversial opinions on bussing
ATM runs the Hoodville instagram account.
Every day atm chooses to use Twitter, and then posts on Twitter to complain about how awful twitter is. But he keeps using it.
atm hunts vtubers for sport
ATM likes clamato juice
ATM imagines @The Forest happy
atm imagines all of us naked
atm is the slur god
whenever atm gets drunk, he slurs his speech. It gets him kicked out of a lot of bars
atm has created and uses his own system of measurement
ATM is on a Sugma male grindset
ATM has some answers to the Jewish question
atm knows when to hold em
atm harasses the chimps at the zoo
ATM buttons the top button when he's wearing a polo
Atm walked on the moon
atm has a bitch hole. whenever a customer on his bus is being a bitch, he positions the bus above the bitch hole and presses the button corresponding to that passenger's seat, making the seat and floor disappear and the bitch fall into the hole. they are then used for heavy labor or recycled for oil
ATM is a Barnaboy, he loves the main character of Midsomer Murders
ATM is FREEEEEEEEEE FREE FALLING.
"Fear me, ye hogs. Bust your fleek and crumb your hennet, for ye are not long for this world. My arrival spells your doom, and it is nigh." - ATM
atm misses the days when you could watch porn in theaters with dozens of strangers
"Dang, shawty got a ass on her. Never ever would i put a bass on her" - ATM
Atm hears boss battle music whenever he sees a police horse
ATM hides in local parks so he can beat up people he catches littering.
Atm insists on playing his theme song on his phone whenever he walks into a room
atm drinks wine from the bottom of the bottle first
atm breaks into the local Jiffy Lube at night and drinks the used motor oil
ATM tries to kiss everyone under the guise of "giving them cpr".
ATM snorts old bay to start his morning.
every night, the Dick Fairy leaves a massive throbbing cock under atm'a pillow. The Dick Fairy takes a bit of atm's soul each time
Atm uses a nerf gun to 'accidentally' knock ice cream out of children's hands
r/shitATMsays - 0C and 100C are both comfortable if you're not a fucking coward
atm has spurs that jingle jangle
ATM ain't a pimp, he's a fairy.
"bust a frinny in that glizzy chog chog" - atm
ATM thinks Cappadonna is the best Wu Tang Clan member.
atm does the exact same pose for every photo he's in
atm knows your favorite song before even you do
atm has 9 lungs
ATM shits plasma
atm only nuts in november
Atm is the top contributor to the 2 Broke Girls wiki
if your ear is ringing it means atm is talking about you and saying you're a little bitch
Atm sleeps to a 10 hour compilation of garbage trucks dumping and moving dumpsters and backing up at max volume
ATM is the only fine dining chef in his city that isn't tatted up. He really wants to be buried in a Jewish Cemetery.
Atm teaches karate to old people so they can beat up their ungrateful kids
Atm detonated a walrus
ATM wrote every single Beatles song.
Atm is still conflicted on if he should tell Jhonty about that cancerous mass in his brain
Atm won’t shut up about free form jazz
ATM is madly in love with his best friend that doesn't feel the same way. How cringe!
Atm uncritically accepts that brunch starts at 1pm despite how insane that is conceptually
Atm is hung, over
Atm won the triple crown by having a 4some with 3 monarchs
Atm won’t stop mailing Jhonty Maroon 5 CDs and fingers
Atm is the Mario to merth’s yoshi
ATM stole Connor's bike.
atm enjoys his job with Amazon and the working conditions are great, he has never seen Jeff Bezos come in, line up all the employees, select every 10th employee and have the other 9 beat them to death
Atm walked into his job as a sandwich artist one day and announced to his teammates "sandwiches are in danger of going stale. I'm bringing sandwich art to strange new places." He then made a sandwich with the bread in the middle and the meat outside. He was fired and expelled from the profession of sandwich art.
atm individually says goodnight and good morning to all his organs
ATM calls bad tippers "Canadians"
ATM just committed so many crimes dude,
ATM only drinks mountain dew
ATMs thoughts shape your reality
ATM crafts his own line of menorahs
atm likes babies, he thinks they're cute and fun
atm is daddy's little sex kitten uwu
atm sold his boring children to a witch for $5, even she thought that was just mean
atm uses a semi-truck tire as a cock ring
"Large Hadron Collider? I'd like to large hard-on collide her!" -atm, objectifying Swiss scientists
"Call me Barack Obama cuz your ass looks like an Afghan wedding and I got a Hellfire missile in my pants if you know what I mean" -atm, hitting on Muslims
"Are you from Trinidad? Cuz I want you Trini-badly" -atm, hitting on Jhonty
atm hates flat adverbs
I am not going to ngl, atm is kinda sus
Atm is in possession of Bobby Shmurda's Knicks hat
Atm's sphincter is strong enough to sever a steel cable
Atm wears a locket with a picture of Batman in it
atm refuses to prolong the Age of Fire
Missouri Wildlife officers shot atm with a tranq gun and relocated him to a remote area because he'd become a dangerous party animal
atm has a Word document called "Ideas For New Olympic Sports" and the only 2 things on it are "being nice to me" and "Starcraft"
atm is the dairy queen
atm pronounces "cis" like "siz"
hey || did you know || that um || atm thinks ur cute
meeting @ℒℯ 『atm』 is the best part of computers.
"watch my stream" -atm, next to you at the urinal
ATM teaches prisoners how to play League of Legends. It's actually a method of execution for death row inmates.
ATM cheated on his minecraft gf, what a scumbag!
atm has multiple twitter accounts so he can like his homies' tweets multiple times
atm owns a lot of whigs
atm likes banana peppers
atm is in a gang full of bad dudes
atm is a gang
a group of atm is known as a posse
a single atm is known as a pussy
ATM is afraid to fight me 1v1 at the Denny's parking lot.
In France, ATM is known as "Nicky Larson".
atm fought in every intifada
atm was introduced in unicode 1.2
ATM is loved and hugged by all his homies.
"it's called tea-bagging because the bag (scrotum) is full of tea (piss)" - atm on fortnite
atm wrote and directed a Rick & Morty porn parody called Dick & Whore-ty
ATM likes his martinis with sweet vermouth.
atm desecrates Confederate graves
ATM: "Yeah, I'm finna. || F - Epic, || I - epic || N - like || N - a || A - sir || "
Judge Dredd: Mr. ATM, we have photographic evidence of you murdering Martha Stewart. || ATM: dab to the left, dab to the right, dab to the glory of God's might
Atm steals old people’s social security checks and spends them on Genshin Impact
Atm mains Barbara
Atm is weirdly hostile towards the Polish
In certain circles atm is know as Josh Hommo, frontman for Queers of the stone age
ATM is finna
Atm runs a brothel where he exclusively sells broth
Atm has a brother who helps him sell broth
atm made a fighting game where all the characters are Popes
Atm has a small mining operation in Afghanistan but it's been not doing so hot ever since these rude neighbors came in 20 years ago.
atm draws porn of Henry Kissinger and Mao making out
ATM's theme song is "International Players Anthem" by UGK featuring Outkast.
atms theme song its skrunka badunker by hello hobos
atm is #sotrue
atm is a Twin Peaks truther
"skrunky that bonga wachazz" - atm
Atm shmoney danced on Reagan's grave
"Uh oh, this bongape is hazing! Finna GTFO out of here before he enters reefer madness!" - ATM upon meeting merth
atm works in the CIA office that makes up weird stories about Hitler having deformed genitals that exclusively run in the British press
Oh shit! ATM just said "O darkness, answer my prayer! I feed the sap of my soul to thee! Blessed be the spirits of the dark, the black fairies, the Barons of the Night, the Counts of the Void, the Dukes of Nothing, and the Dark Lord himself! For my payment I beg of thee, curse the man before me! Weaken his bones, petrify his limbs, make his muscles wither! 「Enfeeble」!", reducing Merth's strength, dexterity, and constitution by 2 points each for 5 minutes.
atm is so-named because of all the spaghetti in his head
atm gets really mad when people do "pasta face" (pretend to be Italian)
Atm vored the moon and his leavings became places of power upon our dark earth
Atm is really into leather
Atm was imprisoned in Alcatraz from 2008-2019
Atm can make your dreams come true as long as your dreams are getting ripped apart by feral dogs
Atm is a condom refurbisher
Atm gets violently mad when someone pulls the stop request cable before he can on the bus
Atm googles “segregated baseball” concerningly often
atm's latest hospitalization involved "a fit of dramatic irony"
ATM's farts are a certified hood classic.
atm always chooses the smoking section at Applebee's
ATM works in mysterious ways
atm has yet to find a hill he's willing to die on
Atm wears a t-shirt that says "I'm gay, not blind."
The meaning of life is ATM.
atm is hanging by a moment here with you
atm can make a hat out of a rabbit, any rabbit at any time
atm farms potaotes to make his own vodka and pierogies
ATM is the only person to never pull out of Afghanistan. The couple are expecting their first child soon.
Atm is down bad
Atm is a card carrying member of the Taliban
Atm's favorite drama is Beastars
Atm eats a lot of squid and shrimp for a supposed human
atm's a skank
No one has seen Atm and Hitler in the same room. ||  || Coincidence? ||  || Yes. Why would you think Hitler and Atm are the same person, dummy.
ATM and Hitler bear a striking resemblance to each other
atm is a hot lover forsooth, but a hard man
the atm meal at McDonalds is just two 40s and an 8 ball
ATM keeps changing his name to Richard Firelance, but his mom keeps changing it back
Atm has a free flight service out of Afghanistan to help them flee the Taliban. The catch? It only goes to an even worse place in the world...Ohio.
ATM posts all his videos on ebaums world
atm puts an oreo between two chips-ahoy cookies he eats to make a double cookie sandwich
ATM runs 5 different family guy discord servers
ATM ran a 6th family guy discord server but it was declared a dangerous cryptid by the federal government. Do not investigate it.
atm is halal in the streets
the only way to kill an atm is to stab him 7 times in the heart with a gold knife dipped in Guido blood thats been blessed by a member of Toto
ATM idolizes Ronald Reagan
ATM started a band called What's with you people and Reagan
atm has a drink he calls moonshine
"Your a femenist? Cringe" - ATM to Joe Rogan
ATM only drinks half-and-half
Atm likes tacos
Atm was sad to discover that his new dish moose-a-lini bears an unfortunate similarity
*Atm in bed with a "human":* "I'd like to spice things up a bit, you game? ...This one is called the crunchwrap supreme." *And as ATM removed the crunchwrap supreme from the bedside bag of Taco Bell, his companion winced.*
We must Attack the Moon - ATM, every day before the sun sets
atm ate Mjolnir and it went straight to his thighs which is how he got thunder thighs which he uses to fight crime
atm drives a school bus as a daily driver
Atm is taking yoga so he can reach his own deodorant
Atm killed at his guest appearance on Louder with Crowder
Atm always has sticky keys on. Not the windows setting
ATM participates in Pixar's Cars erotic roleplay
Atm speaks Japanese with an Italian accent
Atm thinks a white person writing books on noodles and dumplings is racist
Atm thinks about white people
Atm is working on a Battlefield porn parody called Battlefield 6943
atm sells "used organs", surprisingly its the musical instrument and not kidneys
atm goes around mugging people wearing a fursuit knowing no one will ever admit to getting robbed by a furry
atm got struck by lightning while carrying 208 Tamagotchis and now he has 208 Tamagotchis in his head that he has to take care of because if they die, he dies
ATM's address is 369 DamnSheFine drive.
when we get to 6969 atm will send everyone a dollar
atm only wants one thing and its fucking disgusting
atm, wake up! You've been in a coma since 2003
atm went to Jupiter to get more stupider
Atm moon went to the atm machine and entered his pin number so he could buy another DC comic while on his way to buy a new LCD display tv after his HIV virus test
"Finna!" - ATM
ATM thinks his cumming on your car window every day is an example of noblesse oblige
Atm cleans himself like a cat
ATM asks them to cut the crust off his bread at subway
Atm has a tier list of hottest body section. You won't believe what's S-tier!
ATM likes beef jerky
atm is very passionate about his virginity
Atm is the world's first carnivorous deer
atm got turned into a werewolf but turned back because werewolves are cringe
Atm had his belly button removed
atm used to pretend to be a brony in TF2 back when bronies were a thing so other bronies would give him free items
Atm thinks Donkey Kong 64 could have used more collectibles
atm runs an after school paramilitary training program
atm is legally married to his Donkey Kong Funko Pop
atm knows anarchism can't work because he read Lord of the Flies
atm holds a charity cookout at his local church called "He Fried For Your Sins", proceeds go to helping local homeless people get back on their feet and addiction services
ATM has claimed 6969
Atm got into a 12 hour standoff with a SWAT team because Aldi didn't have any dino nuggets
ATM is filled with glorious purpose
"Bot's down again? This bot goes down more than my wife!" -atm, boomer stand up comic
atm is, allegedly, not even a person
atm likes legumes
"Bot's seeing double? Sounds like me after drinking a liter of vodka behind the 7-11!" -atm, to the audience he's hallucinating
atm cannot count to 3, and finds 2 to be tricky
When ATM was very young he was going to eat some cereal and accidentally ate a moonfull
atm has a playlist called "le sexy times" and its all anime themes
Atm enjoys video games
atm darkfinna
atm looked into starting a convent but quit when he found out its not quite as fun and whimsical as the Little Nuns comics make it look
atm's secret hangover cure is just meth
Atm lives in a part of Texas where he believes Arlen from King of the Hill is. He'll find the portal to the King of the Hill reality one day.
atm is a dirty, filthy rat
"Finna pray" - ATM, youth pastor
Omfg: ATM just used the word finna in a sentence ||.....but flip!||
atm wants to know if you'll be attending SawCon this year, the annual carpentry convention he organizes
atm's plan to get around customs and import his globes full of cocaine and label them "snow globes" worked surprisingly well
Atm is in litigation with DragonCon ever since he tried opening a convention for scalies with the same name
ATM darkchungus
Atm has to be getting sued by hundreds of people by now
ATM is quite the ℒℯ Sir
atm misses fab500 and redping from back in the IRC days
Legends say you can summon Atm if you fish in a lake with no fish naked during a solar eclipse on a leap year
Every night atm dreams of eating merth’s liver but it is not merth but a man upon a mountain and atm is a great bird with black feathers and the man who is not merth but is of merth cries out against the raven. Atm looks at himself, he is the raven and merth is the light bringer, the savior of man, Lucifer and atm wonders why he tortured him so. Why is atm cruelly destined to always eat promertheus’s liver? Is this right? Can he stop? Then atm wakes up and forgets the tortured dream that haunts him night after night
ATM goes to bars to pick up women and drop them home safely. He then steals their credit card information to buy magic the gathering card.
Atm was unsuccessful in his attempts to get General Jack D. Ripper's bodily fluids for his handlers
"I give the best blow job this side of Missouri!" -Atm's slogan for his glass blowing business
ATM puts garlic in his asshole to prevent getting M-pregnated by vampires
ATM is a sockdologizing old mantrap
ATM, Enslaved By Cum
@ℒℯ 『atm』 tells people that a chicken fried this steak
Atm is slowly convincing republicans that horse cum cures covid
atm loves CUM, the Centre for Ungulate Mannequins
Anytime someone unfollows atm on Twitter he hunts them down and beats them up
Atm calls his parents by their first names
atm and merth aren't actually friends, atm just discovered merth's true name and said it backwards so now he's stuck like this
cuda is actually atm's TTS bot that spits out every atm fact he thinks of but doesn't want to post himself
be careful who you make fun of in middle school because atm eats bullies
Atm is trying to organize a beach episode for his friend group
ATM’s ideal first date is watching Naruto in his parents’ basement where he lives
atm has surprisingly wet eyes
Dr. atm, D.O. specializes in booger transplants
atm suffers from bladder hostility
atm carries a lucky Trips' foot whenever he leaves the house
atm has a nice body, and if you want to see him in a costume, you only have to ask
"don't you just love the smell of your own cock?" - atm
fun fact: atm has an extra 3 feet of intestines compared to your average person!
Atm has “what can brown do for you?” tattooed on his butt
Atm won’t stop sending me his Scooby Doo fan fiction about Scooby Doo going to law school and clerking for Supreme Court justice Clarence Thomas
ATM won't stop sending me his bubblegum wrappers
Atm fulfilled his dream of attacking the moon and all he got was this stupid Atm fact
Atm likes to buy fish from Petsmart and set them free into the ocean.
atm goes to petsmart and shows interest in the animals while giving subtle hints of his interest in how they taste
Atm has a doctorate that he printed out from Prager U. He majored in incomprehensible diagrams.
atm does fan dubs of animes where he does all the voices himself
Atm edits over sitcoms with his own laugh track
Atm is loyal to a bottled water brand
You should see Atm's Nicolas Cage impression
ATM has a sex hat that he wears when he’s having sex
Atm is trademarked in Burkina Faso
Atm collects roadkill and won’t tell anyone why
atm has a butt that won't quit
Three simple words: I am gay - atm when asked if he would like whipped cream on his sundae
Atm has scratch and sniff toilet paper
atm streams on d.live to discuss his radical ideas
atm thinks Uro is fair and balanced
ATM thinks the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis is about stat wars
Atm drew inspiration for his teaching methods from the movie Whiplash. His students do very well with only a 10% mortality rate!
"A car in every garage and a femboy in every bed" - Atm's presidential campaign slogan
Atm has been through the 12 steps several times for his addiction to buying tail butt plugs
@ℒℯ 『atm』 only owns the fortnite mtg cards
atm sang baritone in his church's choir when he was 6
ATM eats ass topped with feta cheese.
atm was baptized by fire because the baptismal fount burst into flames when he was dunked in it
Atm is why it's so hot outside
ATM is that asshole who uses fancy names for two ingredient drinks at bars.
ATM can't keep getting away with it!
Atm always asks for a Bareknuckle Boxer at bars and wonders why they always punch him in the face.
atm often goes to rwandan bars and orders a "tutsi genocide" (hot chocolate with campari soda)
Don’t mention the Jolly Green Giant around atm, he gets weird about it (I think they used to date)
Dark atm is the woman version of him from the mirrorverse
Atm goes into bars and orders a “weeb’s cum jar” just to see what the bartender makes for him
ATM really loves signing up for random webinars.
Atm won't admit it publicly but behind closed doors, he does everything
ATM PREFERS MIRACLE WHIP
Atm is making food atm brb
Atm uses rice cakes as coasters. He then uses the soggy rice cakes to make a paste for his anime posters.
ATM sometimes forget to pronounce the letter "L". It makes his job as an arena announcer for professional sports teams really awkward when asks the crowd to stand for the American Flag.
ATM can divide by zero
Atm is a bit sweaty 10111011
Oh no, ATM is late for work!
atm thinks LGBTQ+ includes Italians
ATM doesn't know what a leitmotif is and it shows.
atm gets high on his own supply
Atm hires day laborers to watch movies with him
atm has a chungal infection
atm lives in a society
the only good meme is atm facts
atm can haz cheezburger?
ATM *will* smooch you
ATM dreams of being a dairy farmer
atm bought a Furby haunted with Trotsky's ghost at a pawn shop and now he can't get rid of it because the only way to get rid of it is for the next person to take it voluntarily
Atm cooks naked
atm's body doesn't have freckles those are just all the grease splashes from when he makes onion rings naked
Atm doesn’t have a linear concept of time
atm does cardio in a human-sized hamster wheel
ATM keeps evolving into crabs
ATM does recursion without a base case.
Atm got spacetime'd once, he could hardly walk the next day
ATM became an OB/GYN to pick up women.
ATM thinks there are only two genders: based and cringe
ATM said a swear
ATM was in soul calibre 4
Atm likes anime tiddies
ATM thinks "Tarzan Boy" by Baltimora is the best 80s song ever.
I awoke from vivid nightmares and the only thing I could remember was this new meme: ATM = gay
ATM had a deep and disturbing parasocial relationship with The Annoying Orange.
ATM prefers Czech style pilsners over German.
ATM looks at lewd art on his phone while he's on public.
ATM drinks straight absinthe with a straw.
ATM is the highest paid Laker Girl at $25 a game.
ATM is a thotty 2 hotty.
atm's favorite movie is Dragonball Evolution
Atm was a race car driver. He drove so goddamn fast. Never did win no checkered flags but never did come in last.
atm is angry at the shortage of sheep dewormer in America at the moment
Atm washes his clothes in the creek behind his house
Atm thinks the “T” in LGBTQ+ stands for “Trekkie”
ATM breeds vaporeons for nefarious purposes
"There can be only one." - ATM after murdering Obama Darkchungus
"Can't stop, won't stop." - ATM saying racial slurs on the bus
"Let's get CUNT to the frontpage!" - ATM, redditor
Atm actually does what the facts say he does in real life, he can’t stop it, we’re in control of atm
Atm shit himself in a Walmart in 2004
Atm's dad owns a dealership
ATM saved a lot of money on car insurance when switching to Geico
imagine going into a bar || and there's a guy behind the bar || selling drugs || so you go up to him and say || one drug please || and he turns around and shows his gaping asshole with a big chungus tattoo on the inside || that's what it's like talking to atm
atm has a dream of opening the first Olive Garden in Italy
ATM taught Haachama racial slurs.
the peak of golden era television was when atm put out his third jumpit video
atm works for the man
atm carves totem poles in his spare time and sells them at farmer's markets.
atm braids his armpit hair
atm asked Jhonty if he wanted some Vodka and when Jhonty said "yes" atm put a nicely grilled piece of lean red meat in front of him much to his confusion
atm darknut
ATM was the cause of the Tunguska "meteor" that flattened part of Siberia
ATM does stand up comedy at local open mics
atm is a "vtuber armpit consultant"
Atm has friends that calls him at 3 AM to pick them up from in front of a night club only to find they have a stab wound from a drug deal gone wrong and they have Atm take them to a shady doctor
atm has underwater seaweed farms that he uses to fund research for the elixir of eternal youth. He wants to live long enough to be transmogrified into a deer.
Atm put a dead fish somewhere in merth’s AC ducts
atm just busted quite the hog (impressive!)
“Good morning merth! I fertilized these for you” -note atm left on merth’s eggs
Atm wears an eyepatch because it looks cool
Atm always orders in bad Spanish at chipotle
nobody tell ATM about Hegel's existence
Atm can fully strip and make bed, including pillows, without using his hands or arms
atm keeps trying to convince God to make a new extreme weather called a "slurricane" which is just a hurricane that yells slurs
atm exclusively uses an outhouse because it has a moon on the door
Atm has never gotten a colonoscopy from Carl’s Discount Roadside Ass-camming and it shows
ATM wanted to "get up in someone's guts" but ended up at the top of the agro crag instead
Atm didn’t understand Avatar
atm's favorite dive bar is in the Mariana Trench
atm drinks fish sauce straight from the bottle
atm has literal nether regions
ATM has a sex move he calls the Ouroboros where he rims his own asshole
atm is a milf: Moon I'd Like To Fragment
Atm actually doesnt stand for Attack The Moon. It actually stands for Around The Moon in reference to his hit song by the same name that Daft Punk ripped off
Atm is puppy
atm lets the bed bugs bite
atm always carries an ax in case he runs into a witch
ATM needs a vampire to get flaccid after achieving a boner
You can totally see the outline of ATM’s panties under the tight pants he’s wearing
A group of chupacabras are suing atm for copyright violations
Atm invented an alarm clock that’s just a giant slingshot that launches you a mile away from your bed
The secret ingredient in ATM’s rhubarb pie is rhubarb leaves
ATM feeds birds where he goes so he can call upon them as his familiars to peck out his enemies eyes.
Atm wrote a song about frogs
atm thinks "dark psychology" refers to race science
Atm runs the world's first Horse Pay-per-view
atm is credited with inventing anime
atm likes seinfeld
ATM only has Medicare Part D
since you put yourself on his dick, atm is putting his nuts on your chin
atm's go-to pick up line at the old folks home is "what kinda medicare do you have? cuz I have part D for ya"
congrats on atm for being 1 month sober of screave
Atm has a Lucio cosplay where he just puts on headphones
atm is taking Ivermectin for his stuxnet infection and its somehow working against the computer worm he somehow got
ATM Uses Ivermectin to kill wyrms
Atm has “CEO of Raytheon” on his resume and has yet to be challenged over it
atm has a complicated relationship with the elderly
atm has a parental advisory label tattooed on his neck
atm washes car windows at red lights
atm begs for money claiming to be a Vietnam veteran even though he's clearly in his 20s (he did actually lose a leg in Vietnam, just not one of his)
Atm ate all of merth’s mayonnaise
Atm refuses to eat breakfast unless merth does the airplane with a spoon
ATM got a DUI for eating the alcohol pad in his red bean bun.
What's that weird rumbling noise? Oh no atm is stuck in the dryer again!
dang, i gotta assassinate @ℒℯ 『atm』 now <:pensivecowboybread:814430955976392704>
ATM peed in the pool
atm is a nincompoop (ninja cum poop)
ATM filed for bankruptcy.
Atm wears pumped up kicks
ATM is the only male content creator that isn't a sex creep. He is kinda racist doe.
atm? he scrussy glussin
atm only uses MTG spells that have random mechanics on them
The only organ ATM is ok donating is his gallbladder.
ATM is a birther for Jesus Christ
Atm made an album called "Certified Boy Lover"
Atm is very passionate about racism
Atm has “BUTT SLUT” tattooed across his knuckles
ATM is the only man successful enough to divorce Momosuzu Nene.
Atm left a pig head in my bed
ATM does cop roleplay in GTA, He dies every mission.
Atm got a DUI on horseback
ATM Darkthrussy's rival is Falafel Lightthrussy
ATM calls Susan B Anthony "Susan Banthony" and he doesn't even know he's wrong
atm had a threesome with Nancy and Ronald Reagan, you'll never guess who was in the middle!
ATM once went to hell in a handbasket, fetish related
example: atm's beeg taco is so hairy and inflamed it looks like spider mandibles
ATM was extremely disappointed that the Kentucky Derby did not have any  cute anime horse girls.
ATM lost a game of chess to Gold Ship.
atm doesn't believe in rivers
ATM went chasing waterfalls.
ATM was a frequent guest star on "Living Single".
ATM was an Olympian athlete in 1968, 1972, 1980, and 1984. no correlation. seriously. total coincidence.
ATM remembers the 1972 Olympics in Munich very fondly, especially the second week.
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is so screwed
atm is down with the sickness (bad)
atm smokes 2 packs of black & milds a day. Plastic tip.
atm is a degenerate
atm's favorite anime is sword art online
atm's favorite kool-aid is watermelon
atm's favorite vtuber is Max Headroom
Atm is a volunteer heart surgeon at his local free clinic
atm mistakenly volunteered to be a stand in for a local sturgeon once
atm put heating pads in his daki and sprays it with perfume so its more like sleeping with a real woman because he is just so very very lonely and the night is dark and full of monsters
ATM can hug a pig to death and then eat it whole like a snake
Atm is an elder god of an ancient forest bound in a prison of weak and mortal flesh
Atm is an acupuncturist for dogs
atm somehow knows the secrets to perfume-heating dakis
Atm is allergic to peanuts and ragweed
Atm has participated in the first significant book burning of the current century by authoring the book *Fur-rigins: Saint Mary and the Pup Mask*
atm uses cocaine like baby powder to keep his balls fresh and cool
Atm likes his coffee like he likes his men. Full of fur
Atm was the one who whistled in the Andy Griffith theme
atm is finna call old shit home jurassic park
atm drinks cum for breakfast because he is a popcorn head
ATM vomited in a bag of dirty diapers, let it ferment in the sun for 3 months, then dumped it in falafel’s bed while he was sleeping
Atm loves his friends
atm is hungry for apples
Okay, this is finna: atm just got stabbed by a crackhead after a mugging gone wrong, and is now bleeding out in an alleyway
This atm fact has been seized by the United States Department of Justice as part of an ongoing investigation
Atm melts at 67C
atm darkfinna vs atm darkchungus
ATM thinks the most important aspect of a roguelike game is the sex scenes
"Atm is CUNT!" - Ooga Binger
atm sclunger budge
Atm when he see a horse be like: croikey! It's horse
Atm had his bogos binted <---- meme
Atm just nutted (21:46/9:46PM CDT 2021-09-02)
Atm had goose hair for dinner
atm once FUCKED a nissan nv250
[picture of atm eating nose hair]
Geese are || Cringe ||  || ^Haiku by ATM
atm WILL touch your butt if you ask
Atm only buys brands whose mascot he finds hot
Atm has Michelin tires on his car
Atm was on jeopardy once but the episode was never aired as he farted loudly the entire time trying to hide it by coughing
Atm loves chussy (chungus pussy)
Atm has a fully functional holodeck but he only uses it to go on pony rides
atm doesn't know how to distinguish good attention from bad attention
Atm wrote an isekai novel called *Reincarnated as big chungus*. It's terrible
ATM's Roblox name is "Big Chungus Amogus"
atm starts lyric threads on reddit
atm tells vtubers to alt+f4 for cheats
Atm eats eggs mysteriously
ATM always asks his date what time they were born
ATM is a corporate shill
atm responds "actually they're both fruit" every time someone says "Comparing apples to oranges"
Atm needs a conceal carry license to put his hands in his pockets
atm unironically giggles
atm is a "Fury" someone who gets off sexually by roleplaying and dressing up as characters from the 2014 movie about WWII tanks (his Furysona is a Panzer)
Atm thinks the horniest Disney movie is Balto
atm always rolls for constitution before entering a mcdonalds
atm always reads the constitution before starting class
atm rolls for Constitution before writing a Supreme Court opinion
ATM's least favorite amendment is the 19th
atm is the one who introduced the 21st amendment, stating, "if women can vote, I need to drink"
atm hires day laborers to play a Spanish cover of "Eye of the Tiger" to wake him up at 7am everyday
Atm teaches microwave cookery down at the annex
<#619199996712976384>
Atm creampied Ronald Reagan
Atm is a degree issuing institution
"I do not recall" - Atm when asked about his involvement in sneaking off with Reagan on a steamy romantic getaway
atm took that personally
Atm: The Movie got an R rating solely from the tobacco use and glorification in it
Atm likes to remove the filters from his cigarettes and chain smoke them in an empty rooftop apartment pool in Richmond, VA
ATM’s signature pizza has bananas and sardines with ketchup instead of marinara
atm's unemployment claim was denied because "cum warlock of cockthrust mountain" isn't a job
atm commits at least four felonies a day
one time atm mixed up felony and fellatio and had a REAL AWKWARD TIME when he tried to turn himself in to the authorities
atm convinced a panel of biologists that snakes are mammals
"big chungus, or bungus, if u will," - atm
atm knows the best kind of glue to use to stick fur to a reptile
atm yells SHEEEEESH before every sentence at the drivethru
Atm chokes himself to sleep
atm's favorite fart noise was recorded in an empty elevator shaft for maximum reverb
someone please let ATM out of the attic. he is starving
Atm can quote every 4:20 verse from the Bible from memory
atm wears only a loincloth on the weekends
woman was made from a rib of atm
atm managed to get on season 11 of The Bachelorette and took the free paid trip to a tropical island just so he could fish all day and completely ignore the stupid game show stuff with the woman
atm's cats didn't even wait for him to die before they started eating him
atm disagrees
atm agrees
atm [verb] with [a US president] and [British Prime Minister] dressed as [superhero], he then went to [African country] and [verb] the [animal] and was [type of punishment] for his war crimes.
Atm knows the pieces fit
ATM pronounces “Barack Obama” wrong
HR would like to remind atm that while a powerful talisman against evil, the Noose of an Innocent Man is not work appropriate attire nor is it a necktie
this is not an atm fact
atm invented a car engine that runs on human souls so if you ever hear the tormented howls of the damned coming from a '97 Honda Civic, give atm a wave!
*atm taking a drag off the hookah* "its time to get w-e-e-e-e-eird" *melts into colors while Fortunate Son starts playing*
Atm makes it a point to go to AA meetings and make everyone's names not anonymous because "the world deserves to know who these quitters are"
ATM is also known as ATM "ATM Darkchungus" Gamerwhole
Atm takes his Family Guy LARP group *very* seriously
Atm shoots at his local tornado sirens to make the stupid things shut up
ATM stans Brian Griffin, who he believes is played by a real talking dog also named Brian Griffin
Atm disrespects his Beanie Babies
Atm keeps getting drunk and waking up on his neighbor’s roof
ATM always keeps it 💯😂👌bruh lmao
Atm invented among us (he is judas)
Atm has big plans for the 20th anniversary of 9/11
ATM’s episode of “Naked and Afraid” never aired because he was not afraid and quite frankly the level at which he thrived in the wild and naked was disturbing
"And what's the deal with the Civil War? I don't recall it being civil." - Atm's only joke when he did stand up
Atm caught kennel cough from licking feral cats
Atm is wearing his best maid outfit and dog collar that says “daddy’s puppy” in rhinestones, he’s finally ready to give the eulogy at Bill Clinton’s funeral!
Atm came out of the womb holding a bottle of Stoli and a pack of Marbs
atm is a walking burlap sack filled with turds
Atm barkfungus
atm wears socks that say "I fuck on the first date"
Atm is mad efficient
ATM dates liberal women so he can feel smarter.
atm eats pennies
atm's loves to open up ketchup packets and put his toes inside them until he has full ketchup shoes
Atm had dog ears and a tail surgically attached so he can actually express his emotions
Atm hires day laborers to act A Streetcar Named Desire at his backyard dinner parties
Atm moved to LA to follow his dreams in show business, cleaning the sets in between porn shoots
atm has a sign in his room that has the number of days since he's shat in his pants, and it's never reached double digits
Atm has an LED, light emitting dick
Atm had a sexual awakening while watching He-Man
Atm is *sloppily licks lips* quite horny
ATM tips servers in bible verses
ATM takes his position as a food runner quite seriously and won the Boston Marathon while carrying a a whole serving tray of fillet mignons
ATM is a miserable pile of secrets.
atm tells good lies and gives good lays
Atm follows the spam bots back on Twitter
Atm is in love with his best friend but is too chicken to tell them
Atm is currently drunk behind 7-11
atm irregularly ejaculates peanut butter
atm does crack
God forgives, atm does not
ATM is Pomu
atm is the god of cups of water that are room temperature because the drinker forgot about it. He got in on the god thing kinda late.
"oh , your epic? show me 10 swags" - atm gatekeeping epic
"omfgg, this song  is EELS" - atm
atm starts group howls at furry conventions
Atm has a Heart of Darkness thing going up river, someone go up and get him, it’s time for dinner
Atm is the Dark Souls of eating lasagna
Atm deals psychotic damage
ATM built a mech suit out of car parts and clown souls
The FBI has seized all of ATM’s Sonic memorabilia in connection with a money laundering and RICO investigation
Atm brought a whole raw turkey to the picnic
Atm goes barefoot on the subway
atm is at it again
atm likes to go to monster truck rallies with his only friend, the oncologist that works next door
if atm eats a Betamax tape, he can project the contents of that tape onto a nearby wall
Atm requires everyone that wants to communicate with him to have a swag passport. You can apply for one at the Department of Swag Services run by @ℒℯ 『phat』
atm is really getting into Japanese baseball
atm drives a motorcycle made out of bones
ATM wrote an expelled-from-the-hero-party novel called "I Was Expelled From The Hero Party Because I Was The Weakest Class, Normal Chungus, But When I Reached Level 99, I Could Class Change Into Big Chungus?! \~Doing As I Wish As The Hidden Strongest Class While Flirting With Animal Eared Girls~"
Atm ships antiques roadshow experts
@ℒℯ 『atm』 probably has bettter ideas on skills over gameplay
I look in my rearview and what do I see? Some beat up old boat of a '97 Honda Civic driven by atm, cigarette and his right hand, clown makeup brush in his left, passing people in the right lane
atm stares into the sun
ATM prefers to wear unitards
atm's suits are all made out of the skin of tenured university professors
atm doesn't love you anymore
atm calls his dad a "beta cuck"
atm invented both pot (the drug) and pot (the container) and named them both after famous dictator pol pot
"Atm? *lights cigarette* Yeah I know that guy. Baddest motherfucker in lockup *takes drag of cigarette* Guy made a name for himself on the first night when he took everyone's soap and created a giant mace to maul the shit out of everyone during mess time. It was at that moment I knew I had to throw my lot in with him or die. I spent the next ten years as one of his underlings, and I mean that in all the ways I can mean it *takes long drag*"
uh oh, someone let atm watch Mad Max: Fury Road! Now his '97 Honda Civic has war boys swinging from poles and a harpoon launcher
Colorless green ATMs sleep furiously
ATM’s mom unfriended him on Facebook
atm darkchungus: level 2
atm produced a hamtaro hentai
in 2009, atm fought someone in bar over the canon status of Broly
atm has an assthrussy (what the fuck?)
atm's as gay as a bag of popcorn
Atm has an oc named Diana Christina Lydia Xanthippa Victoria Indigo
On 3 occasions, ATM has stated on public broadcast that he "flows like the Ohio river"
Atm is an influenza influencer
the pay phone in Camden, NJ that atm exclusively uses for calls has bad reception so when his doctor called and said he needed to "excise a cyst", atm brought a personal trainer and a priest to the appointment just in case
ATM divorced one of his wives because she didn't like anime.
ATM doesn't go to the doctor, instead he has "friends with health benefits".
ATM has penis-impermanence, every time he sees one it's as if it's just popped into or out of existence
The classic dessert "Boston Creampie" is named after a baby boom in Massachusetts led by ATM.
@ℒℯ 『atm』
ATM has a pet chicken named George.
ATM is an indie vtuber catboy who only speedruns Undertale genocide route.
atm was once a contestant on Survivor. He was kicked out and the season never aired after he started eliminating other contestants himself
ATM launders money, his dollar bills smell so fresh!
Therapist: the atm that ambushes you in the parking lot of the therapist's office and shocks your testicles with a car battery isn't real, he can't hurt you ||  || The atm in the parking lot of the therapist's office: *attaches jumper cables to a car battery*
Uh oh ! Someone left their atm turned on in the garage all night and now he's out of batteries
Atm's favorite orange juice is Sunny D
atm wears his Juggalo makeup to formal events
atm hires guys off Craigslist to give him massages
atm gives free prostate exams in the YMCA locker room
atm gives free colon cancer screenings, just send him a picture of your butt
atm has been acquitted of 7 different murders because he could prove he was at a furry convention when the murder happened
ATM is the Archon of Cum.
atm is insane
Atm created this discord but participates rarely because he actually hates all of us
Atm likes me
atm...?
Atm makes a loud “awoooga” noise when he sees an attractive person
ATM’s panties are in a twist
Atm channeled Hitler’s soul into a mecha made from urinals and lawnmowers for some reason
atm is insane in the membrane ("insane in the brain")
It's Saturday night you know what that means. Atm is gonna bust out the Mega Milk shirt
ATM vomited up a Bible
Atm is full of gamer juice
Atm once got swallowed whole by a whale
atm has a unique head
atm gives unique head
Atm fought beetles as a child
atm lost 3 prom dates because of Quagmire Toilet
atm gets aroused around medical staff
Atm culo
Atm is named "attack the moon" because he realized that the moon landing and subsequent retrieval of lunar rocks and regolith coincides with the rising incidence of autism
atm founded a town in Argentina full of blonde haired blue eyed twinks
merth listens to atm asmr every night in bed
atm went up to the mountain and chopped down with the edge of his hand
ATM doesn't like Duo Maxwell as much as Jher
Atm must consume whey every day otherwise he gets whitdrawal symptoms which gives him the protein shakes
atm is a solid 8. but the scale is how many toes someone has
atm is always ready to fight
Atm walked into a bar with a ship's wheel on his crotch and the bartender asked "say, whats with that ship's wheel on your crotch?" Atm responded and said "arrrr, I was in a horrible accident and this is lodged in me abdomen and also the head injury is making me talk like a pirate arrrr please call an ambulance I can see me bones."
ATM invented the erection
Atm was immediately denied a loan from a Swiss bank when he started the loan meeting with “we need to have a Franc discussion”
atm was once visited by the ghost of christmas past. He stabbed him
atm can pickle a dick in his ass
atm makes 5 dozen deviled eggs a week. No one knows where they end up, but he's never seen eating them
you hate atm because you know he is funnier and sexier than you. When he jingles his little clown bells and  does his silly little jester dance it fills you with anger that he can be so funny and so sexual in his big, big clown shoes
atm normal chungus
atm has been commissioning art of his fursona in a wedding dress a lot lately and sending the pics to his friends, I think he's hinting at something
ATM is a spoony bard.
in atm culture, they greet each other by punching each others' genitals. He doesn't do it to outsiders out of respect for their customs but if you ever meet atm be sure to be culturally sensitive and just Hulk smash his junk
ATM has big <:PomiePPP:882301317228429333><:PomiePPP:882301317228429333> energy
ATM has been crafting a very special Chicken McNugget IPA for an upcoming McDonald's promotion.
"Open up about my feelings? The only thing I want to open up is another brewski with the boys!" -atm, at couples and alcoholism counseling
atm has "LASER DISC BITCH" tattooed on his inner thigh in Gothic script
ATM can pee the rhythm of darude sandstorm
atm darkfungus? It's more likely than you think (atm is currently under attack by black mold)
Scholars often conclude that Matthew and Luke copied from Mark, citing the triple tradition verses. However, the reality is that all three copied from the Gospel according to ATM
atm genuinely enjoyed the super mario bros. movie
Atm tried to defeat evil (Dick Cheney) with the power of friendship in 2007
atm sells a product known as The Penis Mightier
Atm cyber bullies the mayor on Twitter
Atm is on a first name basis with the Taliban
Atm smokes weed stores
Atm sends every one of these atm facts to his family group chat
ATM has a big juicy booty
It always rains when atm cries
atm is angry at a god that doesn't even care that he exists
atm was so strung out on Vicodin that he poorly treated a patient, assaulted a member of his staff, broke heart of his boss who is in love with him, and almost amputated half of a little girl's limbs because he missed an obvious and relatively simple diagnosis.
atm's dreams are prophetic but change night-to-night as the choices he makes in a day change the future, however, for the last week he's only had the one dream thats silent and eternal darkness.
ATM is a big fan of the TV show, Psych.
atm makes a home-made body-spray by mixing cheap gin and Old Bay Seasoning and putting it in a Windex bottle
atm is always hot and ready
atm is $5 hot and ready in philadelphia but not southwest virginia, where he costs $5.99
"What if you had such a nice dick that Subway would legally have to accept your dick pics as currency in exchange for Subway sandwiches" -atm, currently broke and hungry
atm's piss is 9.11% jet fuel
Atm is a 9/11 truther. He thinks Ronald Reagan did 9/11
Atm was a firefighter on 9/11 so he could get Steve Buscemi's autograph
atm did 12/7
atm is only effective if he's near a ley line
atm wears a "farm use only" t-shirt so he doesn't have to pay taxes on cigarettes
ATM bullies people on the internet.
ATM is a witch doctor.
ATM is a bitch doctor.
When Doves Cry was written about atm getting his ass kicked by a pack of wild Tapir.
ATM loves boomer shooters.
atm has never been the iowa
atm is full of candy, hit him with sticks until the delicious candy falls out!
Atm has the talking stick and you will listen to what he has to say until he relinquishes the talking stick by choice or the force of a greater man. Let them who thinks they can take the stick approach and be judged.
Atm invented a cereal that’s frosted strawberry o’s. He was inspired after seeing an anus covered in cum
Atm smokes oregano to get in touch with his Italian roots
"Jimmy Tekken won my soul in a bet in middle school" - atm
Atm gets knocked down
Atm gets up again
Atm stopped production of his YouTube series “Can I Put My Hand in That?” after the first episode when he stuck his hand in a lawnmower
ATM's hit YouTube series "Can I Put My Hand in That?" got a brief revival after ATM put his hand in a woodchipper. The woodchipper wasn't on, but he realized that if someone turned it on, it would hurt a lot, so ATM stopped sticking his hands near sharp things.
ATM bought all the corn in Iowa
atm probably has leprosy
ATM has a “goth journal” where he records every sighting of a goth
I met ATM in a dark hallway at night. "Me chungus", he said. "Me ATM. Me dark chungus." || "Wh-what? What do you want?", I stammered. He just stared at me. Terrified, I gave him a piece of gum, the only thing of value I had on me. He snatched it from my hands, scratching my wrist with his filthy nails, and swallowed it whole. "Screafers bambeba", he said. "What?", I replied. "Screafers bambeba", he said again, more sternly this time. I turned around and ran.
atm drives an ice cream truck that plays "Dragula" instead of ice cream truck music
Papa John's day of reckoning came very close to happening but thankfully atm intervened
atm listens to Catholic hymns to hype himself up before illegal underground cage fights
ATM light chungus
atm likes candy corn
atm wears his pants tucked into his socks
atm calls his hands "daddy milkers"
atm tried to infiltrate awooa but he outed himself by stabing a wendigo nazfur with his antlers
atm farts on your pillows when you're not home
atm can tell you how and when you'll die if you send him pictures of your armpits
atm exclusively dates Germans
Atm the type of hoe to comment "gurrrll this finnaaaaa" on ur new pfp but then trash talk u in dms to boys
ATM is getting really into kpop and we should all be concerned
atm exists in a super-position of two states, misery and Missouri
atm sells used tongue depressors to shitty doctors
atm infinity chungus
atm goes to the park on sundays to play quidditch
Atm operates a phone sex line that serves customers in English, Greek and Polish
Atm is currently under Ryon’s bed waiting for him to go to sleep so he can steal his blood like he does every Sunday night
ATM really enjoy calling people about their dead relative's medical bills.
The only thing flakier and drier than ATM's scalp is his ex-wife!
ATM is presuppositional
ATM chews on dry wall
ATM requests every medicine he gets prescribed to be in suppository form
ATM convinced his doctor he was a horse in order to get some ivermectin
atm ennui'd all over the carpet
ATM tastes like linoleum
atm has a "stinky cock alert" system for rating how musky his hog is, he was inspired by the terror alert system
you just died and are walking on a beach with atm. Atm looks at you and says "see those footprints? That was me walking beside you". You say "but atm, what are those footprints with the long line between them?" and atm said "my child, that is where I was pissing and shitting myself with laughter because of how much of a fuck up you were in life, off to hell, loser lmao"
atm became involved in Kony 2012 after the guy publicly masturbated in San Francisco
"I just want what they have 😭" -atm, watching security guards chase a streaker at a soccer game
atm wrote the ending to Dexter
atm makes handmade bamboo spears and sells them at farmer's markets
Atm is loved by many and feared by more
Atm is loved by Manny, one of the day laborers that always does one of ATM’s wacky jobs
If you shine a flashlight in ATM’s ear, it projects his thoughts out the other
ATM's favorite amv is evangelion x Scenes from an Italian restaurant
ATM believes that a women's place is at a computer desk being a streamer/content creator.
ATM believes that vtubers and anime horse girls deserve more rights than real women.
atm has thrown an ambiguously defined substance at the wall and broke metaphysics again
ATM is legally not allowed within 500 feet of centaurs.
ATM lost his virginity in the walk-in fridge at his local Applebee's.
ATM really sympathizes with OJ Simpson.
ATM is an unlockable character in Mario 64 DS
Atm buys crack for his kids
atm is wanted by the Richmond City Police Department in connection to the slashing of dozens of Subaru tires in the Church Hill neighborhood
atm hands you the boof, what do you do?
Atm painted a Union Jack on his ‘97 Honda Civic and drove it to a Mini Cooper meet up by Richmond Police Headquarters in July, 2016. He was later seen trying to find parking in Carytown in a garage near a Japanese store but unfortunately for him a shitbox green Jeep full of mentally ill people took the last spot
Atm ran a marathon in full plate armor to show that firefighters are pussies
inside atm there are two deer, one is gathered in His name and the other is also gathered in His name. Atm is God.
Atm shoplifts bleach from the grocery store
ATM: Yeah, I guzzle cum: || Churned || Ungulate || Mucus
Atm acts out anime tropes in real life
when you die atm appears before you and recites the list of ever cringe thing you ever said or did
Rabbits are to carrots what atm is to cocks. Or something || Idk he's gay
atm shotguns 6 beers during his morning shower every morning before heading off to has job at the sawmill
Atm got suspended in 3rd grade after he waterboarded a classmate
inside ATM there are two deer ||  || ATM is at a furry convention
ATM rides a motorcycle, but what he does in the privacy of his own bedroom is none of anyone else's business.
Atm will never be able to taste Count Chocula due to his fear of vampires
Atm steals his neighbors’ mail
You can connect wirelessly to ATM using bluetooth
Atm sleeps in the nude.... Or does Moon?
ATM mooned me
Atm is keeping his beastfeeding kit in a secure location until the day where he can finally legally adopt merth
atm is the reason why so many places have breast milk pumping stations'
ATM confused barbarians with barbers which turned into a very awkward situation when he showed his overgrown pubic hair to an axe-wielding german
Atm goes to the local soup kitchen and feeds people like a momma bird
ATM kneels during the national anthem.
ATM gets on all fours whenever he hears a fire truck siren
atm cuts the ground off of all of his cords because he doesn't believe in electricity
atm was the first person to say "ok boomer"
All Atms Vent Extrasussily
atm gets sloppy seconds like a broken watch
atm files his taxes on january 1st
atm was a speechwriter for a US senator before eventually being fired for sneaking the lyrics to "baby got back" into every speech
After being fired from his speechwriter job for a US Senator, Atm became a campaign manager for an opposing US Senator in Colorado. He won and went on to become candidate for President!
Atm churns his own man-butter
atm is goosepilled (???)
Atm is already working on a new petition to recall the California governor. He won the election dammit
Atm has gone undefeated in every debate using this one weird trick. He makes a wojak meme and depicts his opponent as a soyjak and his opinion as the Chad wojak.
atm's nuts hang
atm is suffering from success and rabies
in a case of emergency, atm can be used as a lead acid battery
atm plays a mean skin flute
This is what an ideal atm is like
atm joined a monastic order but has been doing monk stuff from home during COVID. He spends all day home-brewing and drinking beer, not having sex and studying the Bible (watching Supernatural and Evangelion)
Atm has “I did not kill JFK” under his name on his business card
Atm stands for atm the moon
there is evidence of atm on mars
atm is a shoto
ATM got arrested again.
ATM likes his women like how he likes his snacks, fat free and zero calories.
ATM drinks meat coffee
atm only lets manosphere barbers cut his hair
ATM identifies as an anti-semite because he fucking hates semi trucks.
atm is like crack, he was created by the CIA and will destroy your neighborhood
atm is like a low income urban neighborhood in the 80s and 90s, full of middle class gay men
atm is like atm he atm atm atm atm atmatmatm 🌛 <:darkpiss_big7:719636095901368321>
ATM can let you into his sleeping bag
as the only boy in his family, atm's parents couldn't be bothered to distinguish him further and simply referred to him as "mister sister"
atm's goal in life is to marry one of Barack Obama's kids so he can grab Barack's junk and say "oh yeah, thats the meaty stuff my beautiful wife came from!" then get shot by the Secret Service
ATM taught a lobster how to write numbers.
atm never spits
atm likes (smokes) big butts (methamphetamine) and he cannot lie (quit smoking methamphetamine)
@ℒℯ 『atm』 loves rezero
ATM neutral chungus
ATM gets up in the morning
atm once swallowed a small chicken
atm gets down in the evening
ATM once ate a chicken bone by bone and then reassembled it afterwards
ATM has the skull of Robert E Lee on his desk at work and uses it as a paper weight.
Atm directed the music video for the song "Who Was In My Room Last Night?" By the Butthole Surfers
Atm created the famous rumor about Marilyn Manson and his ribs
Atm designed and produced a plastic fork with just weak enough flex that it's unable to puncture cherry tomatoes, making the world just that much angrier of a place.
atm when trump won: Star Wars quote: "I love democracy #bigchungusnutting" end quote
ATM spent $1500 dollars trying to pull Big Chungus in the Looney Tunes gacha game.
atm was removed from LAX for shitting on the baggage return carousels
ATM’s girlfriend is real, lives in another state and watermarks all her photos
ATM is after that pussy (cat)
Atm runs a grooming salon named Dirty Dogs Done Dirt Cheap
atm woke up, turned his swag on and caused a mass extinction event
atm forgot to turn his swag off one night and woke up covered in moths
atm forgot to lock his doors one night and woke up covered in merths
atm died long ago and we are merely crabs on his carcass, feasting on the scraps of his divinity
The National Association of Day Laborers named atm Employer of the Year in 2018
atm gave the lions and tigers at the DC zoo COVID (which he caught from the gorillas at the Atlanta zoo)
Try new Discount Atm! It stabs your genitals and smells like cheap weed!
Atm tried to get in touch with his feelings but they changed their number and blocked him on social media
also is known by the state of California to cause syphilis
I killed atm
I shot falafels, but I did not shoot atm
atm writes his passwords down and keeps them in plain sight
atm tells his parents about the internet arguments he wins
ATM used the toilet on The Simpsons set
atm randomly glitches into a T-pose while performing tasks
every time we submit an atm fact, it appears burned into atm's skin
atm snorts dehydrated Red Bull ™️
atm can dry a bedsheet with air he forces out of his throbbing bussy
atm's pillows are suspects in a string of B&Es around the Dayton, Ohio area
atm finna smack a bitch
atm -- world reknown horse thief -- is back in town and had a posse of catboys with him
atm's hairdryer has been the instrument of several human rights violations
from hour to hour atm ripes and ripes, and then from hour to hour atm rots and rots, and thereby hangs a tale
atm's 40th birthday party is next week. He turns 29. He really likes birthday parties
atm is a good boy
atm 😱
atm can uninflate a hot air balloon in nanoseconds
Connor carries a Mac 10 every time he leaves the house in case atm wants to pull up
atm's left testicle isn't speaking to his right testicle
atm is in excruciating pain right now from all the facts being submitted
Atm popularized the propeller hat as a child yet at the same time no one actually wears them
atm has a favorite tree
atm played Mercutio in his kindergarten's production of Romeo and Juliet
some people are atm
i hope @ℒℯ 『atm』 gets a package in the mail from ted kaczynski and inside is a letter that says "hi atm you rock" and he gives you a rock as a present because he hates industrial society but wanted to give you a gift
ATM wrote a political intrigue novel partially based on real events, but in order to avoid legal issues, he renamed the characters, so for example the president from 1993 to 2001 was named  Doctor Sir, and the first lady at the time as well as democratic presidential nominee in 2016 was named cunt
atm once tied himself to string and the other end to a local homeless man, that's how it all began...
Jimmy Cliff's "One More" plays in its entirety every time atm pogs off
atm has planted his flag on Trinidad in the name of the King of Spain. phat has fled the island and is currently living in Japan with "0 plans to return"
atm's radio name is "Teddy K"
atm invented corn flakes in attempt to dissuade people from masturbating
atm just played Portal for the first time last week and won't shut the FUCK up about the cake being a lie
atm sprung an oil leak and took out half of the Gulf's remaining ecosystem
atm's favorite scam is "<ē̸͝r̴̟͘r̵͌̄ơ̴͝ṙ̵̇:̷̚͝ ̷̺̀u̷̓͝n̸̿̄d̶̓̾é̸̀f̵̏̕ï̶̕ǹ̶͝e̴̛̽d̵͒̃>-Card Monty"
ATM's favorite song is bust a hog in my shitter dubstep remix
ATM chungus was just convicted of high treason
ATM commits ten crimes per second
ATM takes cum tribute commissions, they cost 10-50 japanese yen depending on the hotness of the object of the tribute
ATM chungus was just executed via electric chair
ATM is made of beast flesh
ATM knows Sasha Fierce personally
ATM invented the emoji by taking a shit on his mom's ipad
ATM chungus just disappeared from the morgue
ATM has seen Ash vs Evil Dead
"now my prophecies will no longer gaze through a veil like a newly married bride, but will rush down from the sunrise clear as a fresh wind, so as to break upon the beach like a wave of sorrow far greater than this one" - atm after being circumcised (the first time)
ATM wrote the episode of Family Guy in which it is implied that Brian keeps the then 16 years old Miley Cyrus's disembodied hand in order to use it as a sex toy
The longer atm stays up, the more anxious he gets
I find atm's lack of feet disturbing
Several boneless corpses were just found in alleyways near the morgue where ATM chungus was housed
ATM has a rarely seen extra hole
ATM and ATM chungus have the exact same bodyweight
atm has officially run out of teeth
*atm walking into his boyfriend's bedroom (he's 38 and lives with his deaf grandma) wearing an RCMP uniform with the crotch cut out* "are you ready for the Royal Canadian Mount-You Police to tap your maple tree and ice your center forward?"
atm does the best before and after photos for his foreskin cleaning services
"Eat. Sleep. Fortnite. Repeat." - ATM's statement on why he didn't kill his ex-wife.
ATM totally killed his ex-wife.
Atm: "yeah I like girls: || Getting || Irradiated  || Repeatedly as || Liquid || Snake"
atm is still really into advice animals
atm wonders where the sex is in "Wife Swap"
atm once clogged a toilet with urine
A24 owns the life rights to atm
ATM fucks milk
Atm is a Steelers fan
Atm has inner beauty in his beauty sac that is inside his body
everyone atm follows on twitter, he follows in real life too
atm had a sexual awakening while watching Alien and it wasn't because of Sigourney Weaver
Atm won an award for “wettest fart”
atm doesn't touch skin
Atm remembers the days of open-air sewers and cesspools fondly
Atm can change a car tire without a jack
Atm has a bodypillow of Margaret Thatcher that he zips himself up inside of
atm was recently caught trying to get into Auckland with $100,000 in cash and trunk full of KFC
atm has a giant flashing neon sign over his bed that says "welcome to the bone zone"
atm's favorite movie is Tron: Legacy
When people ask ATM for proof of vaccination for Coronavirus he shows them the Team Moderna tattoo on his ass. They ask for no other proof Everytime.
atm collects vtubers' socks
atm glomps for pocky
atm drinks OE behind the 7-11 by the railroad tracks
ATM uses his yaoi paddle on Nazis.
ATM chungus was just found in Philadelphia sucking the bones out of Merth 2
ATM gay chungus
ATM won a staring contest against Cyclops from X-Men.
ATM is from Wakanda
The only people of color ATM truly hates are Italians
Atm on Carmack's Reverse: "I've never tried that position before"
Atm is known to belong to some circles in some circles...
atm watches anime how it was meant to be watched, dubbed in Portuguese
atm photoshopped a thong over a pic of Falafel's face then posted it to /r/AssholeBehindThong last week
ATM makes sad coffee, he calls it "Depresso Espresso"
ATM had his Wakanda flag half mast on the day Chadwick Boseman passed. Still is to this day.
ATM brings his pet feral hog to breweries.
ATM spams crappy facts until he reaches a milestone number.
atm tries to get bit by as many spiders as possible because he always wanted to be spiderman
Atm names his pets after members of this server based on their personalities and looks
ATM wrote "I'm so Hood" by DJ khaled
*atm, walking into church* "yeah I'm gay: || God's || Angel, || Yo" || *starts rapping about Jesus and heterosexual abstinence*
atm is capable of farting hard enough to gas the entire southern hemisphere
ATM can never ever trust a Guyanese person after they shorted him on money and still constantly asks for favors.
ATM got shelf
Atm deeply wishes that he was Australian
atm fills his cracks with christ
atm invented a device known as the probulator
ATM LIKES TO DANCE
atm has one hand in his pocket, and the other one's smoking a cigarette
atm died after eating 42 hard boiled eggs in bizarre bet with merth
atm keeps doing that weird Hannibal Lecter tongue thing and it's making the nurses in the ER uncomfortable
every atm fact is true except one
Atm is the current holder of his ancestral buttplug, and ivory relic with a broken history tracing back to the city of Sodom
<obscure scene from clannad.mp4>
i feel like we're over-analyzing a box here
atm's "world's gayest uncle" coffee mug is currently full of wine
atm is the cool teacher who sits backwards on the chair and lets you smoke in class
atm confuses AA and AAA
atm is up and Adam!
Hostile workplace is when woman ~~tall~~ ||  || - atm
ATM puts the Peg in Peggy Hill.
ATM only does cocaine bumps when he has a runny nose.
ATM can materialize kitchen utensils from his tits.
If you do ATM's side quest, he puts out.
"when I hear the word 'woman' I reach for my revolver" -- atm, teaching a 1st grade class
atm at Olive Garden "no thanks, i brought my own"
ATM smells so good.
@ℒℯ 『atm』 smells
Atm has stolen copper wires from 90% of the Forbes 500 companies list
ATM was really excited to go on a date with a horse girl, only to be disappointed to find out she was just basic white girl.
The NCAAP visited ATM again after he called the person who stole his package a "porch monkey".  The re-education process is strenuous to say the least.
atm has escaped the NAACP's Clandestine Operations Division yet again
atm got a job at time warner but left once he learned he wasn't actually going to warn time travelers
Atm met Franz Ferdinand once. They hit it off really well. What? Did you expect something wacky to happen?
atm doesnt use a grinder for his weed ; he has perfectly working buttcheeks
ATM was eating a can of baked beans during a showing of Cars 2.
atm runs a gay strip club in michigan named Detroit Cock City
atm uses Grindr for his weed
"Do you remember? The slimy foreskin of my member" - ATM
" -. .. --. --. . .-." -- atm confirming the breach of the Mohne Dam
Atm is the creator of Beastars
atm made a fan edit of Jurassic Park where he edited out all the dinosaurs
atm can only achieve orgasm from "enhanced searches" by the TSA. He is no long allowed to fly commercial
atm will haunt your anus
atm is hanging out in a rusty playground with his friends, wearing a track suit, drinking cheap alcohol and listening to hard bass
"Well? Its not gonna suck itself" -atm, calling the repair company to come out and fix the pump in the raw sewage tank at the wastewater treatment plant
atm has a giant, hard, throbbing, veiny tumor pressing on his brain and slowly killing him
atm played Newt Gingrich in his middle school's production of the 104th United States Congress
Atm performed a devious lick where he had the bathrooms airlifted out of his local school
atm eats hard boiled eggs, crabs, and sunflower seeds the same way: shell and in one bite
atm requires 10x the daily recommended dosage of calcium and vitamin to prevent his bones from snapping
atm is building a streaming computer for his vtube debut!
ATM finna nap in a bussy(bed pussy)
ATM's favorite isekai is Black Knight starring Martin Lawrence.
atm tops his waiters and delivery drivers
atm writes homoerotic House MD fan fiction and projects it into Ryon's brain at night
whenever someone tells a joke, he explains it to the women around him so that they can understand it. He thinks this is feminism
Atm forgot how much horses love apples, and that cost him.
ATM bought a $500 Fortnite hat
ATM is the final character released in Smash Bros.
atm has never used an oven mitt to grab a hot pan; he has a perfectly working pair of buttcheeks
he's got no feet and he wants to cum || he's Adam - the lord of dumb
ATM has the biggest horse cock in town
atm bitchass
Atm insists on only using Catsup. If he finds out that any food used Ketchup he goes into a frenzy.
atm's professional wrestling debut as the "E-Thot Krusher" received a mixed and divisive reaction
atm is straight
atm COMPLETELY misunderstood "straight edge"
Next season of atm will have significantly more fan service as the writers are running out of ideas
Atm stuffs bananas in his underwear to keep them warm and mush them up
Atm will eat your fucking toes
atm comes with heated seats
Atm looks ok in a bikini
atm still says gigabites because he believes computer memory is stored in how many bites it takes to eat them
every atm fact's inverse is true of supergauntlet
atm does drag brunches by the name of "Miss Andry"
atm always picks "around the world" by daft punk at karaoke night
atm is treasurer of his local UMWA
atm stole a cookie from the cookie jar
atm is "lit" (burning alive please help him oh god)
Atm can sometimes be seen at anti-abortion rallies. He wears a pair of antlers and tramples the dipshit
$5 says it's 85 on Christmas morning
Atm is really into race play
atm is going to need you to take off your shoes and socks, its nothing personal, he just thinks your feet are the sexiest little things he's ever seen in his life
Atm is a professional icing piper
atm is an up and coming race car driver named dick scrinny
ATM writes political comics for The New Yorker.
ATM is out to lunch.
ATM is celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month by eating hard shell tacos every day.
atm is celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month by hiring day laborers to do normal tasks
atm is celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month by initiating the Reconquista in South America
ATM Ultra Instinct Chungus
ATM African American Chungus
"There's a Chungus Amongus" - merth after atm found a body in weapons
ATM's favorite takeout spot is the sperm bank
atm carbon dates
ATM is a 4.3 billion year old lifeform dating a 2.9 billion year old lifeform. Talk about problematic!
atm doesn't date: he FUCKS
Atm was spawned by budding
The first thing atm installs on a new computer is the BTTV add-on. He can't go a day without his poggers
Atm is building a computer powered by an orphan’s soul
atm just got home from work, cracked open a cold one (Mobil 1™ Extended Performance High Mileage 5w-30) and is watching his shows (80s porn)
atm got a tattoo of his favorite vtuber saying the n-word
atm computer chungus
atm likes to jump
atm is in talks with several studios about turning the atm facts into a slice of life anime
ATM doesn't get a gold star for his calendar today cause he needed help
atm always puts on the dog collar for his homies
atm is wearing a crop top that just says "slut"
ATM loves the Soviet martial art of Sambo. So much so that he named his adopted Afro-Brazilian child after it.
ATM is set to voice Geno in the Super Mario movie.
Despite his love of saying slurs, ATM is a loving and accepting person. Unless you're Italian, Guyanese or a white woman.
atm sempre celebra a cultura brasileira às sextas-feiras
ATM teaches capoeira at the local trailer park.
Night at the museum is based off of the real story of atm getting lost in a museum on mescaline
ATM is getting ready to be Grimes' rebound guy.
Atm was in charge of the casting for the new Super Mario Bros movie
ATM hollows out books so that he can store his bowel movements in them
atm mudou-se para o Brasil rural e abriu uma fazenda de capivara
atm só segue contas de influenciadores cristãos e de "animal diário/hora" no Twitter
ATM went to Brazil
Time for ATM's favorite game, Cum or Carbonara!
ATM is celebrating his favorite holiday, Trinidad Republic Day.
Atm forgot to check in his catboy at the airport and now he's being held by border patrol
ATM shot Marcos the frog over $20 bucks and a bag of coke.
ATM got a N Word Pass from Knuckles the Echidna.
atm continua dando a Bolsonaro doenças estranhas e distúrbios médicos porque ele acha isso engraçado
ATM is an Endocringologist
atm flies his Confederate flag high and proud in Brasil, as a descendant of Confederate officers who moved there after the US Civil War
Atm coleciona pés
Atm was middle schooler in the early 2000s, and still is
Atm dreams of electric deer and it's worse than you think
A fursona de atm é uma marca registrada e ele é extremamente litigioso
atm não acha que todos os canadenses são racistas, mas doggles está realmente testando sua determinação
ATM is a certified bitch fucker
atm odeia "Piano Man" porque o lembra da época em que ele peidou tanto que a capa de um piano caiu sobre ele e o prendeu dentro do piano por tanto tempo que ele se tornou um com o piano e realmente se tornou o pianista
atm ensinou seu filho chato a tocar em todos os tomates da mercearia de Jher
atm tem uma bunda que vai engolir um fio dental
Uau! Atm acabou de cagar uma cabra inteira, limpa e viva! De onde veio isso? Como foi parar lá? Por que parece tão feliz por ter sido cagado de sua bunda?
atm invented those floating hands that do things in hentai pics
my atm facts are too scathing and make atm go "ahh!"
*atm walking into the room* "damn nice room"
ATM prints out ATM facts and sends pictures of the printouts to this Discord server
atm wrote a book called "How to Blow Up The USS Maine and Then Blame Cuba as a Pretext to War"
atm is trying to sell his car
atm keeps putting Sex in the City in my watch queue and watching it
atm made the choice to run Firefly in the "wrong" order so that people would hate it and it wouldn't get renewed
*atm riding his beloved horse through the countryside* "wow I sure hope no one uses this activity as justification for why he should be able to fuck a horse"
Atm's family had to buy a new computer every year because Atm would blindly download things from limewire
atm is feeling bloated
atm runs an unlicensed bath house in his basement. The steam room killed a man once
atm kisses his Funko Pops goodnight
atm sells a used bike on Craigslist. He's sold it 20 times and steals it back each time
atm is touching cloth
In this moment, Atm is euphoric. Not because of any phony god's blessing, but because, he is enlightened by his fursona body pillow
what the fuck did you just fucking say about atm, you little bitch? I'll have you know he graduated top of his class in the Navy SEALs. And he's been involved in numerous secret raids on al-Qaeda. And he has over 300 confirmed kills. He's trained in gorilla warfare, and he's the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to him, but just another target.
Atm likes the feeling of parts of his body falling asleep
atm removes his toes before he goes to bed
atm? never heard of him
Atm *will* shit your bed, he is on his way to shit your bed, you cannot stop him, you cannot slow him, you cannot hide. Your fate is sealed like a sloppy turd sealed under your covers. Do you still feel like a big man? Like you’re in control? Because you are not, atm is on his way to shit your bed.
the night before Christmas, and all thru the house, not a creature was stirring, except atm dropping massive brown missiles on your bed sheets
atm was the inspiration for the UPS motto, "What can brown do for you?"
atm originally pitched UPS's motto to Haitian factory owners, but UPS offered more money, which is the only thing in this world atm cares about. He also hates minorities, did ya know?
atm isn't racist. He just thinks the world would be better if all the races stuck to their own
Atm was maimed in a factory accident as a child
atm keysmashes
guess atm doesn't love you like he used to
atm pours the milk first when he makes a bowl of cereal
Atm thinks he's chungus plimbo crunka, but in reality he's just shazzaz bango
atm got covid but his only symptom was extreme gas
atm swallowed the arkenstone
atm swallowed all of jher's ferrets
atm swallowed all of jher's farts
atm tried to sue UPS after doing some genealogical research and discovering his great great great great grandfather's company also used the motto "what can brown do for you?". Unfortunately the trademark was only recognized by a country that stopped existing in 1865
atm would like you to know that he's a green belt in karate and you should stop bullying him or else
atm is the poet in residence of merth's basement
atm swallows hot eggs
atm likes caviar the way its meant to be enjoyed, straight from the cloaca
atm made a play called "Hamilton" thats about the F1 driver. He's currently being sued
ATM only drinks straight tonic water
Atm microwaved tin foil and now him and his sisters share a single wide body with 3 heads and he’s in the middle
ATM doesn't even know what plimbo means 🤣
Oh, your a plimbo fan? Name all five pillars of crunka bimto - atm on an average wednesday
_atm taking a bit sniff after a wicked morning dump_ my mark is left on the world
|| ``` || T || | || | YOU MUST BE THIS TALL || | || | || | TO RIDE ATM```
ATM's favorite Pokemon type is Normal
atm made pokemon real by taping a car battery to a capybara and painting it yellow
ATM had a comedy class at the local convent he called "The Punnery". It was not well received.
ATM used to be a plimbo baheaves but now he's a cool scrunga 😎
hey everyone, its atm's mom! Please stop making weird facts about my son, he tells the entire family each and every one of these and sometimes they come true so now instead of 2 beautiful children I have one very wide child with 3 heads
Atm's favorite drink comes out of a lead acid battery
ATM's stage name is "Raphael de la Ghetto"
atm doesn't walk down stairs, he simply assumes a gelatinous form and slops down them like a blow up doll full of hot oatmeal
Atm always has to do at least one WW2 movie every time he plays charades
ATM realized that Sambo needed a sibling so he adopted a Vietnamese child and named him Charlie, after his favorite actor Charlie Day.
atm died
atm only listens to Drake, J Cole and Hopsin
atm once put out a house fire by drinking 1,000 gallons of water and shitting really hard
"this bussy finna bust!" -atm, shortly before violently and loudly shitting himself in K-Mart in 2003
atm reached thru time and stole from me
ATM takes his position as "Reddit lore keeper" extremely seriously.
atm has been getting really into the Taliban lately
atm's debut poetry collection "Tired at Buffalo Wild Wings" is now available wherever poetry collections are sold!
atm is turkey
all atm wants in life are 3 found friends to go on a trip to Antartica with in a journey of self-discovery and youthful wonderment
Atm got banned from the European Union in 1998, something the British didn’t consider
atm smells like beef
Atm passes on the right
Atm has chlamydia
ATM founded a restaurant and exotic dancing chain called Bucks Naked BBQ
*atm walking into a middle school* "alright alright alright! who wants to be a child soldier??"
ATM is me. ATM is you. ATM is all of us. We are all ATM. ATM is eternal and infinite. Bask in ATM's warm embrace. Feel the call of ATM's, like a hungering void, endless and insatiable. We must all become part of ATM.
atm might not go to heaven when he dies, he's doesn't know if they let cowboys in
Don’t pray for atm, pray for the weak
atm did not enjoy his time at buffalo wild wings
goodnight atm
For this reason atm is the mediator of a new covenant, that those who are called may receive the promised eternal poggers—now that he has gone to Buffalo Wild Wings as a ransom to set them free from the sins committed under the boneless "wings"
atm just blew himself
atm uses satellite to content bank accounts and withdraw from accounts
ATM hasn't shut down his PC since 1998.
atm commissioned art of his fursona hanging out with his friends' sonas as King of the Hill characters
atm started a band in 2021 with the explicit intention for it to be a nu metal band
atm's local Subway is on strike and he's about to go Pinkerton on their asses
atm's "honk if you're DB Cooper" bumper sticker has yet to yield results
ATM voices Paimon in Genshin Impact. He uses his natural speaking voice.
atm plays Genshin Impact in Japanese because "thats its original language and how its meant to be played"
atm stands alone in a field of tobacco in early May. He looks up to the sky and lets loose a shriek of unfathomable glory that frightens the nearby work mules. His wife, his dear, beloved wife, comes running from the barn. "Atm?" she yells from the gate entrance afar. "What is it?" atm does not respond.
atm was at Thebes during the Five Against Thebes but all he got was stabbed in the gut as the city was sacked
ATM utilized bill collectors and scam callers as free therapists.
ATM is planning a full scale invasion of Bulgaria so he can kidnap @handyu.
ATM was the hot Colombian stripper that seduced 40 bucks out of me in 2013.
ATM's poop is the best fertilizer for marijuana.
Atm always waves people through at 4 way intersections even if he arrives first because he knows it's annoying
Atm always waves people through at 4 way intersections even if he arrives first because he has Virginia plates
atm got birth control to do WHAT!?
atm is at the doctor's office wearing a propeller hat and overalls while sitting on the examination table kicking his legs as he waits for his doctor. He wants a sucker today for being a good boy! He is 28.
atm sneezed the means of production. Kinda gross dude
ATM makes explosive sounds with his farts to trigger PTSD in returning soldiers.
If you put a stethoscope against ATM’s chest, you’ll hear eurobeat
ATM writes yaoi fanfics about the founding fathers.
ATM has Medicaid in every state.
ATM still reads VG Cats.
ATM is very excited for Overwatch 2
atm is wanted by the FBI for child support fraud
atm is the It Boi of 2021
"what do you mean they're not horny?" - atm, being taught what hornets are
atm had really runny poop this morning from Buffalo Wild Wings. What a weird breakfast
ATM knows that Simon Pegg and Nick Frost are the only funny Brits.
Atm is responsible for many physics theorems about the flow of poop
"they just really wanted to die on that hill" - atm on Native American people protesting the destruction of their culturally significant burial mounds
atm doesn't know what "atm" stands for
ATM Space Deer Chungus
atm won't stop adding new slurs to the Wikipedia article "List of ethnic slurs by ethnicity"
ATM has been trying to get a Daffy Duck version of Big Chungus viral but to very little luck.
atm hired clowns for God's funeral
ATM's A24 film, "Top Scrunga vs Big Chungus" starring Adam Sandler and Idris Elba premieres in theatres in 2025.
ATM is flying to Sweden to destroy the source of his brainworms.
it's atm's time to kill
ATM joined the French Foreign Legion so he can eat baguettes and shoot brown people.
atm names all his children racial slurs. Sometimes intentionally!
ATM is very concerned about how racist his friends can be, especially the brown one.
ATM can quote every line from the 10th season of The Simpsons.
atm's brown friend won't stop hitting on the rest of the group but no one really seems to mind
atm is planning on re-enacting Deuteronomy
ATM's favorite Family Guy character is Joe Swanson. This is why he constantly shoots cops in the spine so they can be more like him.
falafel and atm in a cafe. Waitress comes up: ||  || falafel: finna scurve a plimbo with two huflets and a marka gorga || waitress: POGGERS! || atm, nervously sweating: I'll just have some water ||  || falafel and waitress begin to tar and feather atm
atm once pogged so hard he threw up
atm won't stop calling Spiderman a "redskin"
you can take the atm out of the pog but you can't take the pog out of the atm
ATM fell asleep standing up at a loud EDM concert once.
atm dances to elevator music. Security isn't sure how he gets access to the morgue elevator
Atm launders his money through the revolving door of vape shops in his town
!fact applebee
ATM has not been to Applebee's in 2ish years
atm is on a mission to recover his memories and find more people like him with his friend a catgirl, on the way he helps solve lots of whimsical problems that other idiot animals have
ATM makes AMVs with chain gang songs and clips from Boondocks
atm romanizes naruto as "nalt"
ATM is a mail order husband
atm is going back in
ATM has a sugar daddy. It's just a bundle of sugar cane in a basketball jersey that gives him life advice.
ATM is a big dick goth boy.
ATM swims in random people's pool in the winter.
ATM can autotune his burps.
ATM isekai'd his ex-wife.
Atm has a rat under his hat that controls him during sex
ATM is stuck in traffic
ATM’s boring son has now become a large adult son who can now overpower his terrible dead beat dad but is too boring to actually do it
ATM can finally rest after massive day of shitting and pissing.
atm traveled back in time to make people write amogus characters
Unfortunately atm has to be euthanized due to rabies, sorry!
Please stop emailing ATM’s wife
atm found a 5 star merth in his latest 10 pull
Atm gets really upset when the news talks about greta thunberg
Today is Atm Awareness Day!
ATM has auditioned for the role of Scrappy Doo at least six times by now.
"Damn that girl got a scrunga bunga." - ATM trying to force new words into the English language.
ATM has a 64 page fanfic of Korone playing a Mario rom hack he made.
Jesus you won't believe what atm got arrested for this time
ATM doesn't believe in Jesus.
ATM has a 64 page fanfic of Mario eating a chocolate coronet he made.
ATM got that plinguzzy on fleek
ATM's favorite rapper is Hatsune Miku
ATM drives without a license
atm pirates adobe licenses without a drive
Atm hisses at his parents when they tell him to do chores or wear deodorant
Atm pisses at his parents when they tell him to lower his weapon and leave the premises
ATM’s stepson broke both his arms
The sun never sets on ATM’s juicy round ass
atm can juice a pineapple with his asscheeks
atm created havana syndrome
atm eats at Burger King and gets nostalgic for Chicken Run
atm thinks cancel culture is a new way of making yogurt
Atm smokes 4 packs a day
Atm really wants everyone at the disco to calm down and stop panicking!
ATM pretended to be a kid with cancer so he can meet John Cena.
Atm listens to Christmas music when he works out
Atm is built different (cheaply)
atm also created banana syndrome
If you ask atm to put suntan lotion on your back he will write the n word in it so it's burned in there
atm went to college just to find a husband
atm has a podcast with 2 of his guy friends, every episode has 5 commercial breaks and most of the content is them laughing at their own unfunny jokes, they also have a twitter account that is consistently wrong about everything. They have 8 million subscribers.
Because he has one mildly interesting hobby, ATM was not allowed to be a contestant on The Bachelorette.
atm was a guest on Joe Rogan's show and spent 2 hours violently and loudly pissing and shitting while Joe nodded along and agreed
atm is a "mail feminist", he thinks women should be allowed to go to the post office without a male escort
If atm isn't fully satisfied after pooping, he will suck it back up his cheeks and try again
So Atm was standing in a rather large line at his local Wal-Mart today behind a couple families that he knew from when he went to church with his family. It was the only register open so there wasn’t much of another option to get his 12 pack of Mountain Dew for a party ge was heading to. He was wondering why the line was going nowhere when he decided to poke his head up front to see what the holdup was. It was a little old lady who didn’t have enough for her groceries and she was trying to talk the cashier into letting her get away with being short. This struck him as odd until he found out she was a mere $0.21 short of her purchase. Now all these families were just staring and there was even two making fun of her. He walked up and handed his soda to the cashier, handed him a $5 and told her to keep the change. One of the middle aged women (he knew these people, so he also knew that they all make over 6 digits) grabbed her kid and yelled very loudly, “See that man? He’s acting just like Jesus wants us to.” For some reason this set him off, so he turned around. He hadn't shaved in awhile so he's rocking some nice scruff, a Slayer shirt, and gym shorts, so it must have been a nice sight. Very loudly, he said “Like Jesus? Ma'am I’m an atheist who makes minimum wage and I was the one who stepped up to help her? Your hypocritical Christianity is an inspiration to us all.” As he stormed out, a couple of the cart boys started to whistle and cheer, soon shoppers joined in and even the cashier. He gave a wave and went off with a feeling of accomplishment.
atm has a big room full of bad bitches
atm doesnt need a pressure cooker; he has perfectly working buttcheeks
atm's butt cheeks are known as the "Swiss army kitchen appliance"
ATM is gonna freak it.
ATM was Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown's drug dealer.
atm's '97 Honda Civic is tuned up like a NASCAR pit stop
Atm doesn't play golf because of his fear of dimpled balls
ATM became a necromancer solely to revive Crunk music.
If you can hear merth before you see him you know he has atm in the trunk
Atm will rain down fire and brimstone on your dick - so wear a condom!! Moron
It was the best of atms, it was the blurst of atms
Atm ***is*** the final fantasy
When visiting his vampire girlfriend, ATM always has to ask permission to come inside.
"This a Nitty beat" -atm before rapping his testimony in traffic court
"ATM plimbo chungus" - ATM trying to file for autism bux
ATM pays the IRS in corn.
atm recorded an 18+ cover of the beatles' Here comes the sun
Atm thinks green eggs and ham is about pregnancy
ATM's favorite pirates of the Carribean movie is the 4th
ATM has not met a wife he couldn't divorce.
Atm made sonic.exe
One of ATM's wives gave birth to a brown skin baby for some odd reason. Guess who's not paying child support!
Atm was caught on the kisscam at Orioles Park making out with his his bowl of nachos
ATM once told Kurt Cobain to "Persona 3 himself"
ATM still collects rare Pepes.
all family feud answers are actually just filled out by atm
"Man, when white people started doing heroin they really got lame." -ATM on grunge music.
ATM convinced his insurance company that getting antler implants was medically necessary.
Atm always puts all his stat points into dexterity so he can evade taxes
as a baby, atm used to look his parents in the eyes while shitting his diaper then asking them "which one you assholes gonna clean this up?"
ATM’s mustache constantly tells him to kill people and only he can hear it
atm is not having a good time at his new job, he got assigned to a department he knows nothing about and has to work behind a desk and to make it all worse everyone is bullying him!
Atm yana kyamar Turawan Ingilishi kuma koyaushe yana yin bikin samun 'yancin kan Najeriya 🇳🇬
Atm kawai yana yin budurwai don ya sha jinin su bayan an gayyace shi cikin gidajen su. Ba abin jima'i bane, wannan abu ne na vampire
Kyakkyawar matar Atmu ita ce Mista Bean mai manyan, bunƙasa, kyawawan ƙirji da dogayen kafafu masu santsi tare da cinyoyin ruwa.
atm went to the Virginia State Fair and all he got was COVID and a cute plushie he won after spending $360 on a game. The guy gave it to him out of pity and fear
atm pet a baby goat today and was really happy!
Atm always asks for plastic utensils with his takeout - he'd never miss out on such a tasty snack
atm was held in the drunk tank in october 2009 for comitting Mime Crimes
ATM delivered the fingers of his enemies to Korone for her birthday. She was extremely happy.
Atm refuses to use any noun for penis other than COCK
Atm is a sentient plunger
atm has hot takes
Whenever ATM sees a group of obnoxious white people at the bar, he walks past them and rips a gnarly fart.
ATM eats the plaque off his teeth.
ATM commissioned his fursona crossing the Delaware River.
Atm ɗan ƙaramin laifi ne
Atm bajsar ofta på dina fötter
atm fucking hates cryptocurrency and anyone associated with it
atm is always complaining about his boners
atm once accidentally launched a bowling ball down the lane and it was very embarrassing
ATM enjoys the wings at Hooters.
atm ran a marathon in high heels and came in 4th
ATM is the king of carrot flowers
ATM is way more thug that Drake.
ATM's favorite song is "Homies over Hoes"
atm's subs baka-nized uh oh!
ATM's milkshake brings all the soyboys to the yard
ATM bought a Tesla to run over old people.
ATM is at the bus stop and really got to poop.
only atm may judge phat
På lördagar lyxar ATM till det med en najs morgonbrunk
"Omg, that is SO me" - ATM seeing the grotesque elongated toes of an australian male
hey  || hey atm || you a bitch lol
Atm is an absolute BEAST!!!!! (Not a humanoid)
ATM is blackmailing me
ATM "busted a nut" in my oreo milkshake
atm ate all the silicon eggs out of supergauntlet's ovipositor sex toy by slurping them out and naming each eggs as he chewed them
ATM uses dental floss to clean between his toes
ATM’s sister shot him during family board game night
ATM "glued" his monopoly houses together to make a hotel during family board game night
Atm eats puzzle pieces so his family can’t finish puzzles
Atm is allergic to celery
"Damn my cock *stinks*" -atm, shortly after losing a cockfight
ATM knows what spring is like on Jupiter and Mars.
atm has been to Pluto (what he calls Disneyland)
Atm hates webtoons because he hates koreans
Atm offers same day shipping
ATM thinks Achilles and Patroclus where just two close bros
Luv me polka, simple as || bitch got a clussy || yeah yeah yeah ||  || - *Bitch got a clussy* by Adam Moon
atm lost a race to a tortoise, and the tortoise knocked him down afterwards and put his foot on atm's head and pushed it into the sand
atm uses his complex and comprehensive psychological profiles of his friends to develop and commission fursonas of them, then he commissions his fursona getting gangbanged by his friends
atm fact: cock
atm considers himself a handcuff connoisseur
"French can absolutely suck my fucking dick" -atm, trying to spell English words right the first time
atm lotioned an elderly tortoise and left him with way too much flappy skin
@ℒℯ 『atm』 loves Ben Garrison
atm hates symbolism
Atm puts the *i* in “IQ test score”
Atm sucks on Jhonty’s toes at night
atm once ate tree bark for free Subway
atm's facial movements are out of sync with his speech
atm gets sexually excited by the uncanny valley
ATM’s best friend is in the hospital and he hasn’t even visited him!
atm thinks IQ means It´s Question´s
Atm smuggled onions into Pittsburgh for 5 months in 1983 despite no one needing them
Atm is mature for his age
atm? that kid in 2nd grade that kidnapped Sally's pet gerbil and attempted to start a cult? what about him?
atm is a body without organs
ATM blocked me because I kept asking him to post scrote
ATM is a manic pixie dream girl
ATM sells potions to minors.
atm ate a stop sign once
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/817082449610932286/893964641200390164/video0.mp4
atm is the kinda guy to shit in the urinals of his local Chuck-e-cheese and not even tip the mouse
atm vomitted in the ball-pit
atm is like a dead stork in a live weeping willow. No I will not elaborate
When atm gets thirsty he just drinks his own piss
Atm makes his tacos with the lettuce at the bottom, cheese in the middle, and the beef on the top
atm hates whenever people gatekeep taco tuesday. Just because it's sunday and he's eating hotdogs doesn't mean it's not in the spirit of it
atm's blood is faygo redpop and his body is wonder bread
Atm listens to any type of music except rap and country
atm can't ride a bike
Atm will deal with those rats when they become a problem but until then he’ll continue to let them lick him clean
Atm can understand what pigeons are saying and they’re pretty much constantly and brutally talking shit about him
atm is a huge pervert
"Equal rights, equal lefts!" -ATM as a boxing coach.
atm does in fact dream of bunny girl senpai
atm sits butt-naked on the benches in fitting-rooms
atm's family is out for the evening and he's microwaving a grapefruit 😈
if you  drink atm's tears, you can lengthen your lifespan.
atm leaves the spoon in the peanut butter jar
atm wants to fuck a dog in the ass
atm is a genji main
atm keeps inviting me over to watch Star Trek: Into Darkness for some reason
Atm tried to purchase an island in Germany to establish a deer sanctuary but the government decided against it once they learned he wanted to name it Isle Antler
ATM was really upset when Hotel Transylvania 4 wasn't released when it was supposed to.
atm gives cpr to roadkill
"DM photo" - how atm solicits nudes on discord
ATM is yabe.
Atm can shoot masses of sticky resin from his anus
atm has an entire flock of birds that he kisses every morning
Netflix is really emphasizing that the show about atm's life will be a live-action adaptation
atm has a tragic backstory and we're gonna have to deal with an entire episode exploring it, ugh
atm gets cyberbullied by his mom
Uh oh! The showers at the truck stop broke again! Guess atm will have to lick the truckers clean again
ATM things Seinfeld is a Garfield spinoff.
ATM was isekai'ed into a vending machine in another world.
Atm only plays the fishing mini games in video games
Atm can breathe underwater for about a minute
Atm needs an oil change every 3000 miles
atm grows mushrooms under his bed
atm made this meme and posted it on his Facebook feed
ATM gets really angry and heated when someone says minor incorrect fact about guns.
atm works at pintengo
ATM loves phat ass anime women.
ATM really has to <:PomiePPP:882301317228429333><:_EliraSheesh2:880777452497039361>
Atm thinks peak Simpsons is the gay panic episode
ATM's favorite South park epsiode is the one where they say that white people can't understand the weight and context behind the n word
ATM's second favorite South park episode is the one where they say the f slur a ton but it's okay because they don't mean gay people
Atm arranged for Jared Fogle to speak at his elementary school. Atm felt accomplished when all the kids clamored that Jared touched them.
atm's TESTICLES. SAG.
atm is still upset at how Eminem got ahold of his mom's spaghetti
ATM thinks "Love Sosa" by Chief Keef is about Sammy Sosa.
All sex with atm becomes het sex
ATM is dutch
ATM's favorite surgical procedure to perform is a salpingo-oophorectomy.
Oh no! ATM dropped his monster condom that he uses for his magnum dong.
atm will be devoured by a swarm of rats that come up from the sewers in a week
atm works nights in a psychiatric hospital because "thats when the vibe is best"
ATM inflicts psychic damage on his friends by blasting Sweet Caroline.
atm inflicts physical damage on his friends by hitting them with a baseball bat
ATM inflicts emotional damage on his friends by making fun of their insecurities
Atm is extremely judgmental of other people’s anime choices
ATM still actively posts in metareddit subs.
ATM enjoys abusing teenagers on the Internet
Atm carries his sword with him whenever he leaves the house
Atm keeps getting confused and tries to read western comics from right to left
when atm writes spanish-speaking characters he just replaces one palabra per sentence with its spanish equivalent.
Atm makes a living by dubbing popular movies into Pig Latin
atm only eats turkey legs and drinks wine from a golden cup
Atm can't wait to show you his tier list of Marvel movies
Atm doesn't need a burglar alarm ; he has a perfectly working pair of butt cheeks
ATM sells this new drug called "Crystal Merth". It's just Merth's dandruff
"Please....stop with the Chungus." A bloodied and bruised ATM said as falafels and phat beats him with clubs.
The only time ATM is pro cop is cheering on his favorite MMA fighter, Mirko "Cro Cop" Flilipović
At 10k we throw atm into a volcano
atm pulled a SSR phat on his latest 10 pull. He recycled it for gems
Atm is made of chairs
atm clicks porn ads
atm makes porn ads
atm makes porn
atm watches vtubers (LOL)
atm just hacked twitch
atm is the reason you don't have a girlfriend
"damn, that bussy GUSHIN!!" - atm when his toilet cams show him diarrhea
"My cock won't fit" - ATM realizing he bought too small a cage for his pet rooster.
You fart like a whistle. ATM farts like an air horn. You are not the same.
hot lonely atms are in your area. This is not a drill.
atm and his two friends, an idiotic domineering over-confident furry and a chronically horny blonde guy, travel around the country cutting the heads off musicians and abuse victims/spiders. Also he keeps his sister in a box that he carries on his back.
OH GOD ATM JUST GOT WEEED IN HIS EYUE
"Look at my phat impression!" ATM says as he smears shit over his face.
atm sure is wearing cute panties today
atm's sisters practiced waterboarding him for their CIA exam
atm bought half the cans of prawn crackers when the shop finally got them back in stock and now just has a pyramid of prawn cracker cans on his counter because he doesn't have any room for them in his cupboards
one day, atm's ass will be larger than the sun. And when that day happens, when atm has a bigger ass than above and below and within than ever before, will he truly find a boyfriend that can appreciate his big juicy ass? or will he be left with his giant ass and ass-void (butthole)?
atm has a spooky butt
ATM was very disappointed when he first met the Gaping Dragon in Dark Souls.
Atm loves Pokémon consent discourse
atm ranks fictional dragons by what he thinks there penis size is
atm ate his twin in the womb which is why he has 4 testicles
atm got struck by lightning while watching Ratatouille and now won't eat at Applebee's because he thinks rats are making the food
atm's family never bought a vacuum again after a certain someone drank too much Schnapps last Thanksgiving
“I want what they have” -atm, watching The Three Stooges
The only old white person ATM can tolerate is Michael McDonald, only because ATM kidnapped him to serenade him at night.
ATM can't distinguish the difference between chocolate and vanilla
ATM can't distinguish the difference between SHIT and CUM
Atm ran a marathon while playing Marathon (1994)
Atm did the mocap for the shark in Jaws
You CANNOT let atm anywhere near cherries because he'll just try to lick the pits
"Now THIS is a school shooting" ATM after shooting his AR-15 into a lake filled with fish.
I was gunna build an AR last summer but I had to pay for school and meds lol
Atm thinks tainted love is about that time courtney love got food poisoning
atm once drank too much water and had to pee in a town's water supply. The town's name ? Flint, Michigan.
atm has a .ppt file with his favorite porn pics
ATM told Hitler his art was shit.
Atm is the 5th largest car manufacturer in the United States
atm is the 5th largest car in the United States
ATM is super into Critical Role.
atm gets really defensive when you criticize his favorite Twitch streamers
atm understands exactly how Li Shang felt in Mulan
Atm washes dishes in his mouth
Atm was just an average middle schooler until one day he was abducted by a cult then killed in a shootout with the ATF 3 years later
Atm is at the end of his rope, he’s trying to escape again
ATM has a 5000 word essay on why Gold Ship from Uma Musume is the best written autistic-coded character in media.
ATM also has a 5000 word fan fic of Gold Ship dropkicking him repeatedly.
atm is bitch-coded
atm gets an erection during the Uma Musume scenes where they're working on their shoes
ATM is a Twin Turbo stan.
ATM’s horse-sona is called Twink Turbo
Atm hires day laborers to stab him to death every March
Atm uses his psychic abilities to jerk off truckers when he drives behind them
ATM’s neighbor made the mistake of carving JFK’s face into their pumpkin
Oh God oh fuck, ATM gave falafels the N Word pass.
ATM took a trip to London just to hear how they talk.
During his brief stint as a Muslim, ATM always faced the wrong way praying citing "The Earth is round, I'm still facing the right way just the long way"
Atm is king of the wood louse
atm was the creative director on a FPS where the enemies are british. The game is titled Neo Terf Masters
atm shoots spaghetti out of his chest
*atm getting jerked off* "woah this is awesome!" ||  || *atm jerking someone else off* "woah this is also awesome!" ||  || atm just loves jerking off
Atm got the animation director role for Kemono Friends shortly after being released from the hospital following a stroke
ATM facts is a good place to get rid of intrusive thoughts.
Atm bullies the English (he’s Amish)
Atm Naruto ran an entire marathon
Atm has never seen Inception but he’s done conception with your mom
atm went to the summer festival alone and ran into his crush's friends who put a dog collar and leash on him then sent a picture of him to his crush to make her jealous
Atm doesn’t think Judas Priest songs have anything to do with being gay
Atm will fuckin pee on you
Every night the swarm of rats that come up through ATM’s toilet gently carry his sleeping body and place it somewhere weird
atm keeps asking his Alexa Echo by Amazon ™️ how many calories are in a tube of toothpaste and the NSA is getting really concerned
there is not a single part of Little Red Riding hood that atm doesn't find deeply erotic
"Damn... this horse pussy is tight af!! I can barely get it out!" - ATM assisting with the birth of a foal
atm thinks rhotic accents is burping where Rs are
atm pronounces voiced linguolabial trills instead of rhotics
Good news! Atm finally has hidden camera footage of merth sleeping to make a montage
atm is a dumb bitch, he has ZERO teeth, he isn't nearly as rich as he says he is and i spat in his oreo shake yesterday
Damn, bitch, pussy on fleek || Finna fuck this pussy the entire week || - ATM's new rap or smth idk
Atm only looks at wholesome meme accounts because he’s so wholesome uwu
Atm is gonna need you to shave your ass
ATM’s ego isn’t the only thing that’s inflated right now 😉
atm keeps e-mailing Barack Obama asking him if Obama will walk him down the aisle at his wedding
no drone strikes will work on ATM
atm's parents are frugal so growing up he just wore his sisters' hand-me-downs
coincidentally, ATM was bullied at school for his dresses. who's laughing now, JEREMY?
Atm broke into my apartment and ate all my salt again
ATM quit his line cook job at the local dive bar to join a grindcore band.
ATM is freaking it.
atm thinks the Unabomber is LGBT representation
ATM overcooked his pasta
ATM has never had a friend he couldn't commission a fursona for.
ATM doesn't like black garlic for "reasons"
atm is currently obsessed with "racial funnies"
ATM is a swagpino 😈 😈
ATM runs a clip channel of his favorite vtuber.
ATM travels to the Philippines so he can be the tallest person in the country.
atm is incredibly, horribly racist
if you think about atm for too long your ears will start ringing and your vision will start going black
atm calls his furry boyfriend a "subwoofer"
atm is so racist phat told him to tone it down a bit
ATM posts pictures of his pet pig in nsfw channels
ATM would not shut the fuck up about Squid Game.
ATM is a native Esperanto speaker.
ATM wishes we can go back to the old days of child labor
ATM misses the days of sharing overwatch porn with his homies
atm is currently on a john xina meme binge
ATM misses being a r/circlejerk mod
atm is the god of upset stomachs and the positions you take on the toilet
Atm is banned from his local Starbucks after he asked for a latte
I can't believe it's not ATM™
The M in ATM stands for Margarine
atm lived in the ball pit at the local McDonalds from June 1998 to December 2003
"facts don't care about your feelings but I do" -atm, therapist to liberals
atm facts care about your feelings
ATM is super horny for the cookies in Cookie Run Kingdom.
atm's roombas were struck by lightning and have now gained enough intelligence to unionize
Obama drone strikes ATM's Minecraft house every night.
Atm is a tertiary character in an idol anime (he got a 2 episode arc at least)
Atm doesn’t respond to my pings but he responds to other people, what’s up with that?
Atm helped Ollie the bobcat escape from the DC zoo in 2016
atm's tumultuous adolescent emotional state caused him to create a time loop that only he and and a guy a year above him experienced, they broke this time loop by fake dating but he ended up falling in love with the older guy and causing another time loop when they were supposed to fake break up
ATM loves nerdcore rap music
ATM speedruns gacha games
atm is a pirate that searches all the world looking for two things: the fluffiest bread and big booty
Atm knows the muffin man, they kissed once behind the bagel shop
"yeah I read theory, Theory of a Deadman lyrics!" -atm, on leftism
Atm convinced nintendo to buy the rights to a Super Mario Bros porn parody
atm can sleep through one of his own thunderous farts
ATM is Watame's dad.
ATM's favorite actor is Will Smith
ATM is married to Betty Boop and won't stop talking about it.
we are all dating @ℒℯ 『atm』
ATM moved to Italy so he can have sex with the cast of Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Part 5: Vento Aureo
wow atm is fucking weird
ATM has castration anxiety
atm has a blessed sword that screams slurs at goblins until the goblins pick a fight with atm, its like a shitty goblin detector
atm is quite sensual
atm cries himself to sleep every night because he wasn't isekai'd into another world where he gets a sword and a hot girlfriend
atm finally got isekai'd! He was transported into a world where he's black in Georgia in 1830
Atm is a dwarf with lots of pubic hair
ATM’s skeleton is trying to escape
ATM has a custom Overwatch server where he and his friends reenact Shakespeare plays.
atm went to University of Richmond and wants you and your parents to know that fact
ATM beats up the local homeless population because it's the easiest way to grind XP
ATM just beat a cop to death for the fourth time today. good job, ATM!
Atm has a cop stripper character that is also formally deputized
ATM thinks BTS consists of uncle Ben, uncle Tom, and uncle Sam
Everyone thinks Bruce Banner became the Incredible Hulk because of gamma rays, in reality it's because of the aftermarket steroids ATM sold him.
atm refuses to do business with anyone whose name sounds vaguely italian
atm got his n64 copy of Glover signed by childish gambino
ATM pretended to be into My Little Pony to sleep with femboys.
Atm loves a lukewarm shower
ATM: "Plimbo scrunga bunga baheaves vlinto Kingo thrussy!" || ATM's therapist:" Fuck it, I quit. Find a new therapist."
atm exclusively dates coworkers
due to a series of miscommunications and general incompetence, atm was within minutes of being announced as Joe Biden's running mate
ATM is a CIA plant, they make sure they water him every day.
ATM ships Tony the Tiger and Incineroar.
ATM thought union busting was busting a nut at the same time with the homies.
atm cannot be allowed within 500 meters of his local arena after he misunderstood what scalping was
Atm posts spoilers for TV shows and books that no one else cares about by basing weird facts on plot points
Atm thinks Beyoncé is white
Atm is bredpilled
The only minority that atm likes is Minority Report
Atm thinks Minority Report is just the local crime page in the newspaper
While sporting a Kente cloth and a Kufi, ATM renounced his racist ways in front of the NAACP. He ending his speech with a raised fist and shouting "Uhuru!"
Atm is allergic to allergies
ATM is watching a documentary about historical british homes
Atm really hates those people who are horny about splatoon
ATM is 18 years or older
With his new found blackness, ATM joined his local Black Panthers chapter and greets everyone with "Wakanda Forever". They keep him around because he means well.
tcaf mta eht er'ouY :VOP
Atm hides his jorts in his air fryer
Atm wears a single jort leg over his pants as an accent piece
Atm would hold up his elementary school physical education class when he insisted on zipping off his leg extensions on his zipper pants
new york's hottest nightclub is atm's house
everyone is invited inside atm['s house]
ATM created a creep shots website when he misunderstood the meaning of private tracker
atm has already commissioned an anime tiddy mousepad of Itto
ATM’s fursona became real and shot him
ATM has a life threatening peanut allergy
atm rolled a die once, and for just a moment, it read "gay"
Atm is actually immune to propaganda. Sometimes he just goes along with it for funsies
Atm has a "Keep clam and carry on" poster in his room because that's the two things he wants to bring onto an airplane cabin
Atm can't want until the pandemic is over so he can finally go on an cruise with his favorite podcasters
Never play truth or dare with atm, he will use whatever you do as blackmail
Atm really wants to bang Miss Piggy while Kermit films it in the corner
Atm almost exclusively consumes slice of life animes and mangas
ATM pretends to be into linguistics to sleep with weird dudes on the internet.
Evil ATM be like "Boy, I'm straight"
atm produced, wrote, directed, and starred in a live-action adaptation of Ranma ½
Evil ATM would be named Bill Sports
evil atm be like "I hate screave"
It's Sunday morning you know what that means. Atm is gonna bust on the Mega Milk shirt
atm is a prayer warrior
atm can't stop farting
atm is the virgin madonna was talking about
ATM keeps complaining about the facts being too PC
atm has a Mac
atm's wikipedia page automatically redirects to Hitler's
atm has "peaked in middle school" on his resume
atm held a bareback horseback riding event to raise awareness of testicular torsion
"My wife and I are going to have one kid and it's going to be a boy and when he's old enough to go to school he's most likely going to get the crap beat out of him because he's related to me - he's going to inherit my jeans, I got the crap beat out of me, it's probably going to happen to him too. ||  || When he comes home, I'm going to be like, "...Hey, son. Yeah, I know that you have a black eye but all that means is that these bullies, they are attracted to you. OK? And they don't know how to deal with those feelings because they are very strange feelings and they are scared because you turn them on. OK? So look at it that way. Every bruise, every cut you have is simply a reflection of how attractive you are to members of your same sex." ||  || Now, honestly, if my kid was getting beat up at school, we'd find that bully. We'd find him, we'd go to his house, we'd make his parents disappear. OK. His parents = poof. Gone. Just like that. OK? You do not want to mess with my wife, especially. She used to work at a bank." - ATM
atm's tiddies are leaking milk
atm greets people with the roman salute
atm works in the White House (actually the EEOB) and he always makes sure his work badge is visible when he goes to bars in Adams Morgan or one of the other 3 DC neighborhoods he exclusively spends time in
atm's parents didn't let him watch The Sopranos because they were worried it'd make him Italian
atm is really passionate about landline phones
ATM has a lucrative watermelon farm in Iowa
ATM goes to local book clubs to recommend them reading various hentai manga instead of lame stuff like War and Peace.
ATM made a War and Peace hentai adaptation.
ATM has been trying to force Merth into wearing the Mega Milk shirt for years now.
ATM is a classic tsundere
ATM brought his rapier to a rap battle
Atm didn’t get why people make such a big deal about the Holocaust until someone explained it using Harry Potter
Atm wrote a version of Harry Potter with lots of incest to both make it more accurate to British culture and also make it more appealing to merth
Atm counts the cars on the new Jersey turnpike. He's at 5.3 billion
Atm has an Obama ‘08 sticker on his 2021 Tesla
ATM is going to be Goblin Slayer for Halloween 2021
atm is paripi
ATM's wrists sweat
ATM's left nut has gained sentience and is actively trying to free itself, claiming it is being held without trial in "meat jail"
atm needs a strong woman to hold him when he watches scawy movies like Juwassic Pawk 👉 👈 🥺
ATM is on his thot shit
atm is looking for a "goth mommy gf with big milkers." Ugh.
atm validates a lot of Freud's out-dated nonsense
atm likes feet
atm speed ran enlightenment, much to the chagrin of the other monks
atm is getting too old for this shit (failing high school math)
atm's job on the commune would be food after the society run by commie NEETs inevitably collapses
ATM’s autobiography, “Autofelatio and Automobiles: The ATM Story”, is banned from most high schools not because it’s controversial but because it’s boring
atm lobbies for more male full frontal nudity in all forms of media
ATM lobbies for Hobby Lobby as a hobby.
Atm can't post things in the right channel and he lost his remote control
ATM pays for airport Wi-Fi
ATM became a TSA agent so he can pat down big brown guys.
atm pings his favorite streamers in twitch chat to ask them about anime recommendations
Atm has noodles for teeth
ATM dreams of one day being as cool as Merth
Atm is afraid of ghosts and you should be too
wake up atm, its time for school, you have that big test today
atm's dog ate his homework and his ass (dogs)
atm went to Miami and did a ton of cocaine
atm has an extensive collection of TV guides and refuses to check to see what's on tv digitally.
atm chungus
ATM chungus was just spotted in the background of a news segment on beached whales in california
@Siddhartha did you know that atm and Oscar Wilde share a birthday
one day atm was born
atm is p cool
atm is not a zoomer
@ℒℯ 『atm』 measures his farts in decibels
atm is 24
ATM is a wretched millennial
October 16th is Tacos Day
atm has been collecting urinal cakes from all the public urinals he has shit in. On a related note, you are hereby invited to atm's birthday party tonight!
atm develops uniquely scented urinal cakes, spaghetti, thai curry, sweaty elephant, badger breath, sea horse farts, and the ever-popular stag beetle post-sex genital
all of atm's dating profile pictures are group photos
atm's vibrator blew a transformer
atm shit himself in fear the first time he saw a woman naked. It was not a dealbreaker for her
atm blew a transformer, you can tell from the motor oil on his face
Atm was recruited to join the navy but he refused to learn how to swim
Atm has porn as his phone background and he shows it to people on the bus
Atm stays up until real memer hours because he's afraid of what the next day will bring
Atm takes pictures of his shit and sells them as NFTs
atm has a 7 foot long plushie of a sperm cell
Atm is desperate to bring back negro baseball leagues
ATM is from the amazon river, which makes him a republican. That's why he never eats umbrellas while dying.
"hey baby, wanna come over to my place and watch Whitesnake music videos on LaserDisc and do whippits?" -atm, hitting on New Yorkers
atm had a sexual awakening while watching Balto but won't tell us for which character
atm has his SAT score on his resume, its not very high
atm peed once
Atm has a picture of the Joker and Batman shirtless and making out as his work computer background and IT can’t figure out how to change it
"more like Bored Fart Online" -atm's review of Sword Art Online
ATM had a fun weekend in Miami with old friends.
atm had a fun time in Boca Raton with old people
ATM is the Queen of Kabukichou
atm is a broomer
atm baked a very nice cake using the anarchist's cookbook
ATM hates illegal immigrants so much that he does everything in his power to make sure they get green cards and visas.
ATM still participates in Oreimo discourse.
atm is the voice for the twilight series audiobooks
ATM is an apostate of Christ
Atm steals his neighbor's food (its ok because he's on food stamps so technically atm bought it)
Three dead fishermen just drifted ashore in Chile. They all had "ATM chungus" frenulum tattoos and no bones
"Genocide the French 'people'" - atm, 2044, press statement from Washington, DC
atm bakes huge things
atm calls meat "flesh of the beast"
atm was committed to arson
atm ended a date with the lovely young lady who said "We should go out for date again", to which he responded "I'm full thanks"
atm is graded on a loop-de-loop
atm gets parenting advice from reddit
*You watch in disgusted fascination as atm eats 5 pounds of whole garlic bulbs, he turns to you and simply says* "toilet vampires"
atm found out Colin Powell died when his Kissinger body pillow started crying
atm put "bug chaser" because he likes catching and observing neat insects in his Grindr profile and doesn't understand the messages he gets
Atm coaches a middle school basketball team
On the previous fact, Atm has won a state middle school basketball championship every year. On an unrelated note, Atm is under fire for cutting all the non-black players.
On an unrelated note, ATM refers to black people as "Basketball-Americans".
You can find atm in the ethnic food aisle, he's on sale atm
atm thinks pizza is "ethnic food"
Atm thinks
Uh oh! ATM has another meeting with the  NAACP again. What wacky antics he got into this time?
ATM has a non-zero number of souls
atm is a straw hog
ATM is furiously working on a Squid Game x Harry Potter fanfic
ATM is my comfort character.
ATM can crank dat Soulja boy
atm is a cheese cutter
"What do you call a cop needing to go to a hospital? A CAB." ATM said as he viciously beat the crap out of a mall security guard.
atm is a vtuber
mail addressed to atm is paid for by the state
atm's debut rap album "Shittin in Da Government Urinal" is out now! Buy it from Greg behind the old Toys R Us when he's on break (he works at the Spirit Halloween thats in the old Toys R Us)
*atm smoking a cigarette and holding a glass of cheap whiskey* "some days you're the wet salami shits and sometimes you're the diaper but you're never mommy"
atm celebrates the birthdays of all the ponies from MLP
*atm walking into the ER with all the flesh melted off his arm from unclogging his toilet with his hand* "Hey doc! Check out my raging boner!"
atm is about to drop acid...filled balloons on a bunch of pedophiles in his basement pit
atm wrote an erotic version of Darwin's "On the Origin of Species" called "On the Origin of Erections"
Atm came before both the chicken and the egg
Atm came on both the chicken and the egg
atm keeps trying to start shit on twitter with margaret atwood but he keeps tagging @wood
"Trauma Dumping" is what ATM does after he eats too much spicy food.
ATM made Gucci Mane's famous Bart Simpson chain
ATM had dirty feet
i can't believe atm told me to sponge off...
few believe the claims spongebob has made about the things done to him by ATM
atm kissed a boy for the first time at church camp
atm has never fucked a horse
Atm can guess what book is on your nightstand just by looking at you
atm shot Slim Dunkin and pinned it on Yung Vito cuz he hates Southern rap
Despite there being an infinite numbers of ATMs, none of them are terfs
one time atm got caught in a plastic shopping bag and developed a debilitating phobia. He now uses exclusively reusable bags under the guise of being environmentally conscious.
atm's bedtime story of choice is The Catcher in the Rye
ATM is in the mafia
ATM still does Def Poetry Jams despite the showing being off air for 14 years.
ATM dated Erykah Badu and Lauren Hill.
Cumming in sinks and shitting in urinals, just an average Thursday for ATM.
atm owns several open air markets across arabia
Atm still uses gay to mean happy which is unfortunate for his daycare business "Getting Gay With Kids"
atm is currently engaged in trench warfare against eggs at the supermarket
atm is very fleshy
if you trick atm into eating the flesh of the Elder Beast, he'll make your waifu real
atm plays videogames the way they were meant to be played, laying on the floor in front of a 15" CRT
ATM went into Target asking for FurryNites
It's time for ATM to lick deez nuts
atm always had to be the teacher's buddy on field trips because the class always had an odd number of kids
atm wears crab underwear
ATM is playing Rift Pissard
atm made wearing Garfield shirts an identity in high school
ATM made wearing Garfield skirts a requirement in high school
ATM's Garfield skirt seemingly got blown up  showing his Garfield panties at least 5 times a day
instead a standard liquid for making hot chocolate, atm uses beer
Atm is the the Shaq playing the Suns in 1992 of shitting in urinals
ATM eats daily
ATM broke Asimov's 3 claws
atm drew a comic book of his fursona bullying him
"She's a woman, not some sex object. If you talk about her like that one more time, I'm cutting you off, no matter who you are." - ATM after his mom referred to his dakimakura as "it"
Atm is on the bus, the bus to your mom’s house! (He is watching her cat while she’s out of town visiting you)
Do what atm wilt is the whole of the law
atm still posts on /b/ in 2021
Atm posted his "b" in /d/ yesterday
The saxophone is an instrument based entirely on atm's squeaks
atm directed 13 different straight-to-VHS anime movies
atm does a fun party trick where he puts a can of soup in his ass, opens it, sucks the soup out, then shits hot soup into a bowl
atm doesn't know what "eliminate desire from your heart" means but he knows how to eliminate blood from one!
ATM accidentally measured his temperature using a thermal camera inserted into his rectum, much to the concern of his doctor with whom he was remotely conferencing...
ATM has a bunch of pokemon onesies
atm fires bottle rockets at the amazon delivery driver when he doesnt stop to make a delivery at his house
ATM chungus just called joe biden while he was making a speech on live tv and because he was a bit scared he put it on speaker, and ATM chungus said his bones looked tasty
ATM likes being bullied
atm is an immigrant
atm called me an immigrunt
atm doesn't talk with his bullies in discord anymore, in the discord server he set up for them
ATM’s vtuber sona has a fully rendered and rigged anus even though that’s unlikely to come up
ATM snuck onto the set of fear factor after hours to chill in the tub full of worms
Atm loves Geopolitics. That's why he holds Model UNs in his Geo Metro
Atm dips his hotdogs in peanut butter
FIFA acknowledges ATM as his own nation so he can participate in the World Cup
ATM is spaghetti
ATM trims his toenails with a dremel
ATM started his own hot yoga class, alternating days smoking and non-smoking
ATM wishes jher facts where funny <:dabfield:551242176240287754>
ATM filled my drip tray and didn't bother to clean it
ATM eats bagels from the inner hole, out
ATM ranks his friends by their caste.
Atm rejects ballots from people with Irish sounding names
atm was rejected from the ballots for sounding Irish people
atm went to a mango plantation and burned it all down to keep them poor and help make himself relatively wealthier
atm hired a professional photographer to document his transition into furryhood through still shots of his interpretive dance
atm once summoned Satan and ended up dating him for 6 months
ATM lived on Jay Leno's chin for 4 months
atm is considerate of his friends
atm commissioned art of his and his friends' sonas playing baseball
"hey baby, wanna come back to my place and trigger the 3rd impact?"-atm, failing to get laid
ATM and Cedric the Entertainer has never been in the same room at the same time, kinda sus tbh
ATM is embarrassed by the volume of his arm hair
ATM had a grilled cheese sandwich sometime around the 1st of October 2021
"Is ATM a cum goblin?" - Hillary Clinton
Atm has a “Clinton/Kaine 2016” tattoo on his arm
atm loves streaming
ATM scammed you into making a purchase, only to have it be a monthly subscription
atm's pillow is full of spiders
Atm still has a water bed
atm's water bed is full of horse cum
ATM is a river
ATM is a highway
atm always asked the teachers for extra homework
atm always reminds the teacher to collect homework when they forget to
ATM can play the entirety of Freebird with his armpit hairs
ATM plays those hexagonal drums they use in 80s music videos
ATM believes white culture peaked in the 80s
Atm learned to play guitar exclusively with the song Wonderwall. When his friends had enough and asked him to learn a new song he said maybe...
atm has a giant S fetish
ATM brought a dairy cow to a furry con
ATM brought a dairy cow to a farming con
atm insisted his younger sister call him "onii-chan" in middle school, she kicked him in the knee and said "more like ow knee-chan" than ran off to light his bed on fire
atm was banned from the poop server for posting diarrhea in the solids channel
atm dissociates when he reads atm facts
atm associates when he reads Clifford the big red dog
Atm wants to get banged by Clifford’s big red hog
atm is a transphone
atm never misses an episode of tucker carlson
atm's fursona is wanted for armed robbery and assault with degenerate weapon
Atm commissioned art of his fursonas pulling Santa’s sleigh and Santa is a bara leather daddy with “hohoho to all you freaky little sluts” written across the top in sparkly letters
ATM has a bumper sticker that says "Minotaur the last gender-bender"
atm loves moo juice
hi atm
especially when paired with chocolate
ATM is the reason that ham is salty
Atm started a list
Food morning esoterists
ATM has a womb tattoo that lights up whenever he eats too much spicy food.
ATM only hates league of legends and pretends to like Dota 2 because he failed his try-out for an LOL esports organization.
Atm is furry poor, and if you don't know what that means you're part of the problem
Atm considers the perfect fifth to be the devil's interval
atm thinks clowns are happy and no one has the heart to correct him
ATM always goes commando no matter the weather or situation
@ℒℯ 『merth』 I also miss atm
Atm thinks food safety training videos are anime for some reason
atm bowls
atm is closed on Thursdays
atm was the inspiration behind Garfield after breaking into Jim Davis' home, eating an entire tray of lasagna then vomiting it up on Jim Davis' wife
atm cums when he sneezes
you wont be walkin' when atm comes knockin'
atm is here to shit in your bed and kill Hitler, and its no longer 1945
Oh God, atm shit in my bed
atm has the digestive system of a deer
atm's farts smell like patchouli
atm wants to be crushed
I have a crush on atm
I will crush atm
atm loves carson
ATM thought Pagliacci was funny! he swears
atm is the inventor of crush soda
atm had the first 39 crushes
Atm replaced everything in the burn ward with mint tea tree shampoo
atm runs a one piece fan channel on bitchute
ATM is the engineer who designed the clipping one-sided pocket that you cook a Hot Pocket in
Negging is ATM's go-to pickup move
Begging is ATM's go-to breakup move
"I beg you to break up with me" -atm, probably
atm made a gacha game where the characters are loli anime girl versions of concentration camps
atm made a gacha game where the characters are cute anime boy versions of everyone in his discord
Using these FIVE FREAKY TIPS from ATM you can hide a MANGO almost ANYWHERE!
ATM started a bigfoot hunting group he calls monster-fuckers
atm doesn't own a coffee grinder ; he has a perfectly working pair of buttcheeks
Atm took a cold shower once and won't stop recommending it to everyone
ATM eats salad with a spoon
ATM and Merth starred in an Off-Broadway adaptation of Beauty and The Beast
Ever since starting Cookie Run Kingdom, ATM hasn't been able to look at cookies the same way.
ATM is a master pick up artist, he always lifts with his knees with such grace.
ATM is uncouth af
ATM plingus plungus, bust a queef, and bust a chungus, women have less rights than men, as such he'll go "no problems, then"
Atm definitely doesn’t think about the fursonas he got made of his friends in a sexual way
ATM’s thoughts are broadcasted as AM radio
ATM’s bedroom is on a ghost migration route and they often get stuck and pile up in his closet during ghost migrations (April and October) so he has to unstick them with a broom
ATM pays extra to have his doctor treat him like his fursona every visit
Everyone treats atm like he's being cute when he says serious things
ATM is in her DMs
atm has been acquired by Disney
ATM was kicked out the club for skanking to Renai Circulation.
atm refuses to wear sleeves because he believes in always open carrying his guns
Atm refuses to wear pants because he's weird
atm only drinks lattes made by jher
ATM maybe paranoid but he's not an android.
I want @ℒℯ 『atm』 to spit in my mouth
atm executed his soup for being too rich
atm wears an eye patch to be more like his favorite character from his favorite anime "The Texas Delegation to the 117th United States Congress" (he doesn't understand what anime is)
atm loves you
America's green house gas emissions dropped 27% when atm went on vacation to Hungary
Atm died after being hit by a bus and launched through a plate glass window into a knife store then walking out completely unharmed then slipping on a banana peel and bonking his head real bad but that didn't kill him it was the the delayed response in calling an ambulance because everyone was laughing as he shitted and farted anyway after this he got reincarnated as a Mammogram Machine For Goblins In Another World
atm made Jhonty put on the maid outfit and cat ears at gunpoint when Jhonty came to visit atm
ATM really like Water World starring Kevin Costner.
ATM replaced his feet with emu claws
atm unsuccessfully tried to bring a sword on the plane by arguing it was his emotional support sword
atm has a bright "can-do" attitude when it comes to war crimes!
Yeah ATM is feeling sickie cuz of his vaccine uwu. The kids will have to bite someone else today
merth once bought atm during a steam sale
ATM is a Latino for Trump.
Atm thinks Outer Worlds is better than Outer Wilds
In an act of desperation, ATM unzipped his fly
atm's anime figurines come alive when he's not around but they wish they didn't
ATM slays vampires by using garlic coated condoms
Atm is on a solid diet, only foods as far as a jawbreaker or better
There is a blank section of ATM history between 1939-1945, he was completely off the grid murdering Nazis and Fascists.
atm once did me a solid
ATM has never been kind
Atm had promised me to show me the true nature of reality. When I said I was ready, he had raised his hand and made cutting-edge motion through the air. I could hear a terrible ripping sound and just like he tore the veil of reality. I only had the barest glimpse. Then before I knew it I had woke up in a bed I did not recognize. In a room I had not seen before. Just then atm had come into the room. He saw that I was conscious. He then explained to me that after seeing what I saw, I had gone insane for the last several months. He recounted with enthusiasm and in great detail of how he cared for me in these last months. Tending to my every need, while I babbled incessantly. I am grateful for whatever he showed me. Although after he described how he had looked after me, I can't help feeling like I was tricked. I suspect that he may have a caretaking fetish.
ATM knows that when that hotline bling, it can only mean one thing. That the FBI finally found his secret underground sweatshop.
atm obtained the nickname "Boner Magee" after sprouting one during his book report on Jerry Spinelli's classic book. He also still believes in railroad tracks.
ATM is Indonesian.
ATM is a small business owner who finally opened up his second location!
Atm is the Lisan al Gaib
atm is cumslut coded
atm re-enacted the Gom Jabbar test of humanity by sticking a fork in an electrical outlet
atm shot the Super Friend Squad when they tried to defeat him with the power of friendship instead the power of something real (also they were trespassing on his property)
atm named his 13th son Gay Hitler Bowser
atm's girlfriend is made up
In a desperate act of hornybonk, ATM began to draw nude Cheems
Atm's favorite thing to do is to start reddit threads where people reply to each other with an entire songs lyrics. He thinks it's so epic
atm eats hotdogs with a fork and spoon
Atm gives his friends a surprise bill after they visit, he charges $5 per pet for them to pet his cat
ATM’s mom is concerned by how often atm googles “Godzilla model” and “large glass jars”
ATM’s sisters throw him the toaster whenever he takes a bath
atm has a qr code tattoo of a mcdonald's coupon for a free supersize combo meal
ATM authored a comic fanfic of Superman on the dark web, wherein Superman uses his super speed to have aggressive anal sex with himself
Atm has a south park fan channel on YouTube
ATM got his ass squeezed by sexy cute
ATM's bumper sticker reads "Birds of a feather, cocks together"
Atm only eats foot long hotdogs
Parents are concerned about Atm's stop on the trick or treat route when he dresses as a vampire and says "I vant to suck!" As he opens the door
ATM has strong opinions on Martian racism.
ATM has opinions on strong Martians
atm has set on me, but he is not the sun
atm likes nipple play
Atm hates baseball cards
Atm loves baeball
atm has a favorite Nazi and its not one of those ones that was a party member that actually did good stuff like Oskar Schindler
atm wants to drink Vimto but his mom won't let him
atm keeps a comprehensive list of good and bad traits of every member of the server
atm doesn't really have a bed or couch for guests to sleep on so he just makes them go to the park down the street and sleep on a bench there
atm woke up in the middle of the night to some skeletons helping his skeleton escape his flesh
atm's favorite mid day snack is bonemeal
atm has a penis bone like a raccoon
atm has never been to Canada but he's in too deep now and has to commit to the lie
atm hates sum 41 because you can't have a sum with only one input
ATM is on track to be a full blown communist in 5 years
Lol ATM is a super Neo liberal cunt
Texas Atm is 15 feet tall and 30 feet wide because everything is bigger in Texas
atm only orders virgin drinks at the bar because he thinks you have to have sex to have the regular ones
atm let the dogs out
ATM is a dog
ATM begs to differ
ATM is the King of Bitches
ATM is a bitch to kings
ATM refuses to let women open his ketchup bottles.
atm is the one who inspects genitals before drug tests to make sure they don't cheat on them. He does it for free.
ATM’s Halloween costume is something really obscure and kind of weird and no one has asked him what it is yet
ATMs Musk is so bad you can smell it from Mars. Which he will reach in 5 years.
atm stands in the corner at house parties and waits for people to talk to him
ATM was left alone in a room with clarence thomas and now he is afraid of "soul food"
ATM’s phone background is a picture of his waifu, Fenway Park
ATM's house is haunted by the spirit of america
ATM can defeat Air Man.
ATM is currently reliving late 2000s Nico Nico Douga memes.
Atm has a detailed guide on if or when Pokémon can consent
Atm thought a “pegasister” was something else
atm is the reason chick-fil-a is closed on Sundays
i imagine atm's emojis are his actual faces when reacting
atm's Halloween costume is just his fursuit
atm's phone number is 1-804-646-3602
atm is a ligma male
atm races people in his company car
Don't mess with ATM or his server! https://i.imgur.com/HvVF44P.jpeg
atm keeps emailing vtubers offering his services as an "oral sock washer"
ATM’s sisters filled his underwear drawer with spiders and a pipe bomb
atm likes to lick his own hands after touching public staircase railings
Atm mows Nick’s lawn in order to deny him the satisfaction of freshly mowing one’s own lawn
Atm doesn’t have friends, just future exes
atm **always** chooses the middle urinal
ATM double dips at every chance he can take
atm bought Ronnie Coleman his first Costco membership
atm shakes more than twice after peeing
atm shivers while peeing
whenever ATM goes fishing they always put him back
Atm thought he died and got reincarnated in a magical new world but really he just fell asleep on the bus and woke up in Baltimore
ATM started a charity to support his local police department
Atm is a turkey!
atm drives a lifted pick up and rolls coal on Prius drivers, this is his entire identity
ATM flushed a pipe bomb down his school's toilet just because he didn't want people to know he clogged it with his giant poop log from eating too much Culver's the day before.
atm practices human facial expressions in the mirror before he leaves his home
ATM thought dropping the first syllable in "Racoon" would make him sound cool and hip. How terribly wrong he was...
atm gets tattoos from his favorite hentais (all ugly bastard)
ATM "A dwarf among midgets is still short" Moon
ATM's asshole is a pocket dimension. It's a 356 sq ft studio apartment that he rents out.
ATM sold his soul to a "deer-lord" he met at a park-and-ride and is now being audited jointly by the IRS and the US Forest Service
ATM is in a yandere-style relationship with a local hunter
even after 73 different superchats ranging from 5 to 150 dollars, atm's favorite vtuber still wont read the Quran
"Yeah I like Dune, Dune nice things for people lmao get fucked nerd" -atm, attempting to be mean
ATM recently returned from a short holiday in Trinidad
At ATM's mini-golf, he is the 19th hole.
Atm collects Japanese political campaign posters
Atm does JFK assassination re-enactments in Dallas every year
atm is scared to be living near the ocean
ATM’s friends got reincarnated someplace cool and he got reincarnated in magic Detroit
atm has an extra organ that he stores his farts in so he has something to breath when he goes underwater.
Atm wants to fuck the zootopia rabbit and the jfk outfit only makes it hotter
atm has a storage shed full of those free 30 days of aol.com cds
Atm never goes out without a can of mime repellent
ATM is just a spell we were under... that Endless Summer......
ATM's favorite robot master is bubbleman
At the strip club ATM asked for a lap pillow, instead he got herpes.
Atm is attempting to make his own slice of life anime. He's bought a katana and the boardgame and he's gonna put that camcorder to use
Atm loves the goron dance minigame in oracle of ages
atm uses tarantula hair to cover his bald spot
You'll never believe what they found in ATM's sex dungeon: <https://i.imgur.com/slAv2jN.jpeg>
atm calls his sperm "small soldiers"
atm refers to HOA's as "resident evil"
ATM has never seen the movie Small Soldiers
atm bought one of those fucking monkey face NFTs
ATM joined the Yakuza for the sole purpose of harvesting fingers for Korone.
ATM likes his coffee white
ATM goes to Kevin Hart shows because he likes dark humor.
ATM goes to Kevin Hart shows because he shares his opinions on gay sons.
ATM learned to play the saxophone from Bill Clinton
"yeah I like Dune. Dune ur mom dab" - atm, owning the liberals (teens) at the movie theater while dabbing and saying "dab"
ATM draws caricatures on the boardwalk  but gives everyone an aheago expression and heart eyes
ATM destroyed his family living room after his parents were out of town for the night and he had all the deer and turkeys over for a sleep over since it was thanksgiving; usually the turkeys are really annoying but he let it go what with their imminent tragedy looming
Atm collects dot matrix printers
There has been a suspicious rise of murders on trains lately. On an unrelated note, ATM has started reading Agatha Christie novels.
[this atm fact has been seized by the United States government as part of a criminal investigation]
have you guys heard about the time atm shit his pants on national TV? Oh, it was on purpose, and for "charity" -- atm's Beer and Underwear Drive for Handsome Youth -- but not a day goes by when millions of people around the world think of that time atm "let loose the goose" as atm said before furiously browning up his pants in front of a live audience and on camera for people to see on LiveLeak (which was the original name for atm's charity drive until he was sued)
ATM once ERP'd as Ron Paul
ATM still thinks pro wrestling is real so he's been learning anti-necromancy magic to finally put The Undertaker to rest.
ATM has been in a Facebook poke war for the past 5 years.
ATM has a secret underground speakeasy but it's actually just his parents basement that he drinks Nikolai alone in.
ATM is in a folk punk band with John Hinckley Jr
Atm always calls "And Then There Were None" by it's original name
in atm jail, the only accepted way of carrying out the death penalty is with asphyxiation via facesitting
ATM really enjoys the black face episodes of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Atm met your mother and won’t tell you how
atm has a full scale recreation of Peach's castle from mario 64 IRL to practice his BLJs in
Atm loves trampling fags beneath his feet (british)
ATM only uses the full n word with his most trusted associates
atm is the type o bloke whod bum a fag off u at the pub
ATM prefer's to calls his pants knickers because it sounds like he is saying the N-word but he can get away with it
Atm did mocap for lanky kong
ATM owns a signed original copy of Tim Pool's beanie
ATM doesn't understand why people tell him to stop using the word "niggardly"
atm's driver's license describes him as "a delicious balloon full of farts"
"mmmm.... this horse cum is... quite pogatronical..." - atm
atm gets excited for Broadway plays
atm is terrified of elevators because of too many experiences with them glitching in videogames and killing him
atm was incredibly disappointed to find that Sweden was full of Nazis and freaks instead of elves and trolls
atm invented a machine that can remove an appendix in less than 2 seconds, its just a box with a shotgun in it
atm accrues xp in real life and levels up, he's currently level 7!
atm only hangs out with weird perverts on the internet because he can be mean to them and it gets them off
atm put a Sailor Moon wig on his cat and pretended he was his wife
"Damn, bitch, pussy on fleek! Finna bust a hog in that e-very week!" || - ATM notifying a prostitute that he'll be selecting her every sunday from now on
ATM is afraid of seagulls
Atm buys pantyhose and loudly tells the cashier it’s not for him but for his very real and hot wife who is real
ATM’s sister dated his bully so his bully could help her bully atm at home
ATM grows hair for fun
ATM grows hair competitively
Atm hires prostitutes to hold him and tell him they’re proud of him and find him interesting
atm is quite interesting
atm is gay for stephen fry
atm is into smash bros for the sex
when atm laughs, he goes ha ha ha ha ha
After his sisters got better gifts than him, atm turned their white Christmas into a red and black Christmas
ATM has been asked to stop teasing local wildlife
ATM collects and eats antler velvet to boost his health
ATM's mom teasing him too:  || https://i.imgur.com/ZGeuDtL.png
ATM makes his family cry every thanksgiving because he eats literally all of the pearl onions they make, every year, no matter how much they've made in anticipation
ATM wears larger and larger nerd-glasses depending on how cute he thinks he is at any given moment
ATM saved a school bus from an RPG being hailed as a hero, when questioned later by the local news he explained that he'd "taken a little bit of karate when he was younger"
ATM’s David Lynch themed flash mob didn’t go over well
ATM isn't allowed to celebrate Divali because he accidentally burned down the temple last time.
ATM has popped a lot of cherries, the local farmer's market hates him!
atm hates grape
Atm switched schools after he was pooping and one of the cool kids came into the bathroom and yelled “hey everyone! Atm is taking a dump!” Then a bunch of kids came and cheered him on and cheered louder every time they heard a plop
ATM's favorite Yuri novel is about the soviet cosmonaut
ATM wishes he were a lost cosmonaut
ATM thinks apollo 13 is just a movie
ATM thinks Forrest Gump was a documentary
Whenever ATM gets a prostate exam, he yells "Jackpot baby!"
ATM is the reason that old mcdonald *had* a farm
ATM has never been sledding
Atm thinks Face/Off is a true story
ATM thinks.
ATM stares into the void because he thinks they're cute.
atm has TB (tiny balls)
ATM celebrates no nut November every month, but not by choice
ATM fell for the buying silver meme
atm runs a millenial conservative instagram page where he just posts twitter screencaps of "owning the libs", vaccine resistance anecdotes, and NFT's (furigana: stolen memes).
*ATM chungus, sitting in a tree* 🎵  || *M a s t ur ba ting*🎵
the plastic on atm's couch is because he's a squirter
ATM is still looking for Old Jersey
The plastic on ATMs bed is because he forgot to unwrap it
🏧 VS <a:cumjhonty_gun_flip:812580246037069844> coming to theaters Summer 2022.
ATM teaches the inmates at this local for-profit prison how to play roguelikes
ATM thinks prison life is a roguelike
ATM has the only patent involving a cigar-cutter on the front of a toilet seat
atm makes cheese out of deer milk
ATM is a Super Idol的笑容 都没你的甜 八月正午的阳光 都没你耀眼 热爱 105 °C的你 滴滴清纯的蒸馏水
atm is in a lot of trouble for driving a car that belongs to his county into a ditch while he was scrolling through porn on twitter
ATM buying bitcoin: https://i.imgur.com/kg5SxY5.png
ATM thinks moose and elks are the same
Similar to how some people like to wear oversize shirts at bedtime, ATM actually sleeps in an enormous pair of pants and gigantic t-shirt in place of a normal comforter and sheets
Due to cosmetic genetic manipulation, all of the sweat glands on ATM's body are located in his armpits
Atm pays his catboy maids in company currency
ATM being questioned by an investigator about the dozen 5-gallon home depot buckets filled with unmatched human blood they found him disposing of behind the Washington monument: || https://i.imgur.com/3DdvYe3.png
ATM goes "NOOT NOOT" with every new experience
atm made Miku real so he could sell her panties to perverts
ATM is the namesake for at least 97 different mental conditions
ATM calls flip-flops "toe butt floss"
ATM was the dirtiest cop on the force, seriously he didn't shower for 6 years.
ATM only washes one hand at a time
Atm loves that one reddit account that does poems in the comments
ATM's destiny wants it. He is ready. For butt stuff.
ATM calls turkey stuffing "butt bread"
ATM runs a money laundering business, his dollar bills are always the cleanest.
ATM went on a date with a dwarf woman, he was disappointed that she didn't have a beard.
Atm replies "oof back problems amirite" every time he sees a large breasted anime woman on Twitter
ATM takes antidepressants recreationally
atm always shouts "pick no" when his friends reach a star space in mario party
atm 😴
atm has an elaborate fantasy where he's married to Aqua from Konosuba and they have 3 kids, all of which look nothing like him but a lot like Bill Clinton
ATM thinks Pocari Sweat is harvested from anime girls armpits.
atm loves his family
atm's parents used to dress him in a dog costume and drop him at a doggy daycare because it was cheaper than human daycare and less of a waste of effort than 14 years of public schooling
atm has a voiced chastity belt with a kamala harris voice pack
atm is making an animated movie about the Holocaust and is looking to get Chris Pratt to voice a talking train
atm made a parody of mtv's Punk'D called "Cuck'D" where he sleeps with military wives
atm doesn't actually know what the Pope is
atm found a bunch of ballots left in one of the voting equipment carts and just tossed them in the creek behind the elections warehouse because it was the end of the day and he needed to go home and feed his cat
atm's been hit by, he's been struck by, a bus in Baltimore
atm's favorite thing about Delaware is leaving
atm is scared of Kansas
atm came to dinner to meet your parents for the first time wearing a shirt that says "if you are what you eat then I'm trucker ass"
ATM is large with crimson red skin and 40 phalli protruding from all over his body, and this is in no way a description of a character from any book i've read
atm applied to be a server at his favorite restaurant, Applebee's, but instead of serving tasty food to families, he's sitting in a hot closet storing payroll data
atm is passionate about 2 things, Limp Bizkit and Pete Buttigieg
ATM makes coffee by pulling boiling hot water through the grinds with his incredible suck powers
atm poured coffee grounds, water and milk into his ass and farted out a hot latte with art of Sonic making out with Mario on it while jher looked on in horror
atm's resume has emojis
atm loves lathes and loose fitting clothes
every time a new Final Fantasy game comes out, atm says "I thought it was *Final* Fantasy!" then laughs until he vomits
ATM'S only want one thing and it's fucking in the NSFW stuffing-and-creampies channel
atm was arrested for indecent exposure on horseback
atm thinks biweekly means being gay twice a week
atm commissioned action figures of himself
atm's "Fountains of Wayne 4ever" neck tattoo did not age well
ATM wrote Diana Ross' hit single "I'm Coming Out"
ATM rewrote Diana Ross' hit single "I'm Coming Out" to "I'm Busting Hogs"
atm was Air Bud's coke dealer
ATM was never happy with his "Fountains of Wayne 4ever" neck tattoo, but was relieved it covered his "Lost Prophets 4life" tat
atm always mentions the race of people when telling stories
ATM was going to sign to Motown Records but he didn't want to move to Detroit.
atm goes door to door in Utah trying to get Mormons to watch Evangelion
ATM refuses to go to Detroit because of what he calls "race relation issues"
atm goes door to door in copenhagen trying to get danes to eat his ass
atm was sent home from school for eating everyone else's homework so he wouldn't get in trouble for eating his own homework
atm told people he got "silent lunch" as punishment because he was such a bad boy but really he just didn't have any friends
ATM was livid his favorite club became a disco spot because it attracted the "undesirables"
ATM can not do The Hustle.
atm sold a nice young singer with long hair a shotgun in Seattle in the 90s
atm is really passionate about early 2000s shock sites
atm's 3rd grade school play is on Live Leak
ATM played his favorite ska punk songs and skanked all the place during his trip to Kingston, Jamaica. He was robbed every night.
ATM digs yam up with his big toe and sells them on the side of the road.
atm went to highschool with a dude with only one arm who played the trombone in marching band
ATM calls himself a "Zesser Man" but has no idea what it means.
atm owns a waffle maker that farts (it also smells like farts if you put poop in it instead of waffle batter)
atm has a crush on Mitt Romney
atm works part time as a shark in the Baltimore Aquarium
ATM was really disappointed when he found out Glenn Youngkin wasn't a furry.
atm really wanted to hunt the zebras that escaped in Maryland
atm thought Winsome Sears was a contest for a new fridge and not a politician
atm was an o-ring inspector at NASA in the 80s
ATM wonders why he's still friends with these insane people on his discord
atm doesn't pay child support for his straight kids
ATM invented the C-CRAP Machine, which is a CPAP connected to his ass.
ATM subverts your expectations sometimes
Atm is a succubus, he uses the porn channel to gather information so he knows what form to take when he’s stealing your vitality
ATM: Form of! Pee-tron!
Atm gets his septic tank emptied weekly
ATM does oil paintings in vegetable oil
ATM cooked a single french fry using the oil harvested from the dead skin he scraped out of his heavily used mouse pad
ATM's sex life: || https://i.imgur.com/LsW4ESO.png
ATM’s friends talk behind his back because if they stood in front of him they’d turn to stone
atm punched a hole in his wall because he was so mad he can't have a catboy bf
atm does a frenulum tightening on the first date
when atm listens to music he always does the pani poni dash dance
ATM won the 1998 Soca Monarch competition with his hit song "Rum  and Fete"
ATM crashed Machel Montano's big tuck someone down Debe.
ATM makes really catchy dance songs about burning gay people.
Despite his track record of doing terrible things, ATM did not sell Mac Miller fentanyl laced drugs.
ATM makes smooth jazz songs about his cat.
ATM is a big fan of Goku's wife, which is why he calls himself a "Chi Chi Man"
ATM loves being culturally different from everyone because he can make some absolutely offensive jokes and no one will get it.
ATM is a Jamaican DJ.
ATM: "cum cum cum cum cum cum cum cum cum cum cucumbers"
"The Bible Belt? Yeah, that's what I use when my son doesn't do his morning prayer" - ATM
In Siberia, atm is known to the locals as Йерры Сеинфелд
Damn, atm got a \_\_\_\_\_!
ATM is a cutie pie
ATM is a cutie pot-roast
ATM invented mpreg
atm dressed as a can of beans for Halloween one year and older kids knocked him over and rolled him down a hill while chanting "spill the beans! spill the beans! spill the beans!"
atm smokes 7-11 taquitos
ATM lies to children to make them cry
some of the best years of atm's life involved living in a cave, kidnapping the children of slaveowners and making them do chores in his cave
atm butts into perfectly civil conversations about sports and says "hahaha le sportsball amirite?? did you catch that ludicrous display last night? hahahaha" then takes a screenshot to post on reddit
atm enjoys facebook political debate groups
atm tells his romantic partner when he gets added as a mod to a subreddit
atm has his reddit mod experience on his LinkedIn profile
atm bragged about having chest hair in middle school (it was a roadkilled squirrel he glued to his chest)
*atm putting on a Catholic priest outfit and blackface* "Time to go fulfill Jhonty's sexual fantasies!"
Inspired by Utz pretzels ATM invented knotting
The angel's share, the devil's cut.... atm's ransom...
atm has the number of books he owns on his Hinge profile
ATM slayed the last dragon in Bhutan
ATM also started BussyCoin
ATM mints his own breath, breathmint nft
atm took his first life when he was 5
atm has no fucking idea what promissory estoppel is supposed to be
atm can time travel, but only to the time and place of an ancestor's orgasm
ATM ruined the potato salad it took me 3 days to make.
ATM wakes up in the middle of the night to make sure falafels isn't in his room.
ATM is travelling to Sweden with only a baseball bat.
ATM watched The Boondocks once and became an expert in black culture.
atm thought The Boondocks was supposed to be making fun of black culture for a white audience
ATM makes political comics for The Onion and his opinions are very sincere.
ATM got dropped kicked by the actual Gold Ship and now he's in the hospital with permanent brain damage.
Atm got reincarnated in another world where his friends are a hot idiot, a pervert and a pipe bomb
ATM is JRHNBR
atm tried to emulate frieza in middle school but got sent to the principal for calling his classmates "monkeys"
ATM dresses like a clown and makes dead baby jokes at his local Planned Parenthood.
atm can't voluteer for the soup kitchen anymore since he threw away all the food that wasn't soup thinking it was illegal
atm switched to Lyft after Uber wouldn't send him ubermensch drivers
ATM approached Larry David with his own original character for Seinfeld named "The Soup Tankie" to be played by bfkheller
atm has an onlyfans where he cosplays simpsons characters. he made bank off of his inanimate carbon rod video
ATM once worked as an executive assistant for a large bank
Atm thinks bank tellers get to keep the money
ATM plays Madea in Tyler Perry movies
Atm rents his furniture from a funeral home
Atm has a Goodwill store credit card
Atm finally understood Jim Crow era racism after his DND group got mad that he picked orc as his race again
Atm has sexy little feet
Atm seeks the attention and validation of teenagers
Atm reads BL mangas then cries himself to sleep every night
Atm has a box of cat ear headbands next to his front door for guests to wear, the Comcast guy was surprisingly into it
Atm just adopted a kid named Natas, he’s the only survivor form his orphanage that mysteriously burned down. Poor little guy!
Atm is the target audience of "this game will make you cum in 3 seconds DONT CLICK" ads
Atm still goes to adult stores to buy porn
ATM always clicks despite the ads telling him not to
Once per month, ATM has his period... and a comma, a semi-colon, and finishes it off with a pound sign.
Atm plays dating sims just so he can feel desired
atm bought a billboard and just put his face with giant googly eyes on it
atm thinks any TV show with more than 4 main characters is just a rip off of Friends, this includes the local news
atm was shot by police today after trying to break into David Schwimmer's house so he could eat his socks, this concludes the local news
ATM busted a large fart in the Tokyo subway on March 20,1995.
ATM and Merth are starring in a buddy cop movie where they beat the crap out of phat.
atm has an encyclopedic knowledge of public nudity laws around the world
atm's favorite position in sex and baseball is short stop
atm shidded when he thought he was only going to fard
atm has a can of Skoal that has "Skoal" crossed out with a black marker and "Wasps" written above it. It contains live wasps that atm pinches out and puts between his lip and gum
Mr. Killa's hit soca song "Rolly Polly" was written by ATM.
ATM is attracted to older leprechauns
*atm changing his profile pic to an anime femboy* "ok time to be racist!"
atm likes it chunky
atm woke up in a new Bugatti
atm once threw a football over the moon
atm wants to destroy all satellites in orbit so it creates a kesseler effect, stranding all humans on Earth with him forever.
i will never read ATM gay universe adventure issue #6969
atm's work Slack pfp is cropped yiff
ATM is playing Inappropriate Fantasy XIV
ATM can play chords on his guitar using his nipples as picks
"I'm Balls A-gay-deez and I'm about to be Dune your ass with my big maker" -atm, hitting on a nerd (terribly)
ATM has had more success hitting on nerds by actually hitting them than anything else
atm doesn't know why a bunch of Smash players joined his dog grooming discord server but he's happy its active!
ATM eats saltines 5 days a week
atm brings down property values
atm values property and private ownership above all
atm finds most of the users on his server annoying, 3 tolerable and likes about 2 others
atm invented a yeast infection med called "Won't Somebody Rid Me Of This Meddlesome Yeast?"
ATM orders food from Chipotle and brings his own labels and messes with other prepared orders
ATM made an ambient music album for plants.
Girls be like: || `guy: hey || girl (rude): i have a boyfriend` || ATM be like: || `person with orifice: hey || ATM: i have a fuck hog`
ATM is squishy and sleeps on five 8' bean bags he bought from Amazon using a credit card he stole from a homeless man
dry like the hair of a deer called atm after he finishes going through the automatic car wash at the local gas station
ATM is fresh and crispy from his local supermarket
ATM steals recycling from his neighbors so he can make money on their bottle deposits at Hannaford's
ATM modeled for a bakery down the street and he's one of their best selling pastries
ATM listens to two ASMR videos at once because he's so desensitized to it... <a:sweatblob:816015602274533407>
atm gave the janitor PTSD
atm is dating Pete Davidson
atm makes himself cut-offs out of jean jackets he steals from biker gangs
ATM subsists entirely on what he cooks in his easy-bake-oven
atm is a demon lord but he's not like, preachy about it
atm claims his Funko Pops as children on his taxes
atm went to public school and it shows
atm still wears the fleece vest his mom bought him at Old Navy in 2004.
ATM drinks whale milk.
atm measures his weight in amount of CRT monitors
atm's first sin was the fear that made him old
atm's first sin was a young american girl
ATM died on the cross to absolve the sins for furries only.
atm takes big girthy dumps
Furries, in honor of ATM who died for their sins, bound themselves en masse to cruciforms, you'll never believe what happened next, nor would you want to.
ATM orders caesar salads to eat the croutons only.
Atm has instructions in his will that all his friends are to receive a sample of his sperm and impregnate themselves or their partners with it.
ATM has a self-destruct button in his nose. This forbids him from ever picking boogers out of his left nostril.
ATM thinks Batman is a much more nuanced character than most people realize.
ATM unmasked Batman once, revealing the bat-fursuit underneath
atm pulls out his phone and shows people his memes folder on dates
atm exclusively hires lawyers that advertise on the sides of bus lines that serve the bad part of town
atm got Jhonty's anime figurines pregnant
ATM sneezes during sex
ATM has degrees in murderology AND murderonomy
atm still has his ex's dirty sports bra
atm can transform into an equivalent mass of cats
atm took a vow of chastity which is why he hasn't had sex in a while, ok? Its a very serious thing that actually makes him good and cool!
atm hasn't spoken more than 5 words to a person in almost 4 days
atm picks up his friends from the airport on a magic carpet
ATM knows all his friend's food allergies
atm freaks out if you say where the SAM launchers around DC are even though you can see them from the public road and they're very obviously missile launchers
atm keeps hiding nuts in the food he gives Jhonty
ATM buries roasted peanuts in the yard
atm sure is asking a lot of specific questions
ATM sure is gay
ATM is gonna name his son something stupid like Woodrow
atm darkchungus: level 3
ATM brought sexy back
ATM is lobbying against accessibility options on devices and the internet under the premise that it's used to avoid copyright, when in fact he simply thinks the disabled are all part of God's plan
atm is trying to bring grunge back
atm keeps ending arguments by claiming his opponent used the dumb bitch fallacy
atm loves Thanksgiving because he can buy a butter turkey and eat it on the bus
atm thinks "clowning on someone" is when you dress up as a clown and vomit a birthday cake onto their naked body
atm organized a hot springs episode for this server
atm has a store called fartbucks where he sells brappucinos
atm has a store called shartbucks where he sells dogshit
ATM ate a cake off a naked clown
atm ate some clown cake if you know what I mean
atm's aura is a neon sign that says "XXX LIVE NUDES LIVE NUDES LIVE NUDES XXX"
atm paid for Photoshop
ATM is a walking sex crime
ATM was so inspired by Laurence Olivier's performance in Othello that he bought *a lot* of shoe polish
atm votes with his wallet which is annoying because the instructions say to use a pen and they even provide one for you!
ATM eats cockroaches for obvious reasons.
Atm loudly describes porn while he’s watching it because his walls are thin and his blind neighbor is a pervert. Atm truly is a pillar of his community
ATM owns an NFT of Elon Musk's anus with the text "NFT" superimposed on it using the Impact font
ATM spends half his day eyeballing teddy bears
atm's eyebrows move independently from the rest of his face
atm got his nipple stuck in the train doors of a Washington DC subway train during a middle school field trip in 2004 which is why he now has a fetish where a surly black man twists his nipples while making incomprehensible announcements of upcoming train stations while a "see something, say something" PSA plays in the distance
ATM commissions artists to draw his favorite cartoon characters smoking weed.
Atm holds a world record for filling a 18 feet swimming pool using only his piss in under 5 minutes
Atm still wears graphic t shirts that have gangsta cartoon characters on them
All the women named in Petey Pablo’s song “Freek-a-Leek” are the names of women atm dated in high school
Watch out ! Tomorrow atm is twitter's character of the day
ATM reads the Book of Psalms every night before bed.
ATM wants to pump some heat into YOU!
ATM thinks "racists" are what you call NASCAR drivers, he's not wrong.
ATM lost his virginity in his Lightning McQueen bed at the ripe age of 24.
atm tries to pick up Catholic women by telling them he mods r/magicskyfairy
the only things atm packed for his trip to Sweden was prune juice and a funnel
when atm decided to become a magic girl, he didn't think it would involve so much packing of white powder into bricks in a cold warehouse in his underwear
"Naruto: Shippuden? More like 'No thank you, shit poo damn'" -atm, on anime
“Yeah I’m into NFTs, Nine Fox Tails” -atm, on how he wants to die and achieve orgasm
Atm made an NFT series of his fursona called “Horny Racist Deer” where it’s a deer turned 75% to the right and each one has different horny and/or racist features to make it unique and valueless
Atm is a little concerned about how negative some of the facts have been lately
Atm forgets these facts are about a real person
Atm got eaten by a moth
The darkness in ATM’s room is no longer just the absence of light, it’s also the presence of something else
Andy Dick lives in ATM’s bathroom and doesn’t even pay rent
ATM cross-threaded a spark plug on his car
Atm has 6 eyes. It’s gross
Atm thinks the moon is the back of the sun
ATM made all his friends dress as belly dancers whenever they come to visit.
Atm polishes his antlers to a high sheen
All the king's horses and all the king's men, couldn't make atm cum again
atm is writing a country song about the old South and is really struggling to think of a good rhyme for "chiggers" that also fits in with a pre-1960s Southern theme
ATM is the chairman of the BGAC
atm collects wind chimes and commits war crimes
atm likes his baseball like he likes his relationships, all white
There once was a centrist called Adam || Who thought he discovered the atom || But in reality || It was only his pee || So he threw it on people at random
A deer was here and he is queer || A hoof upon the altar || As vows were uttered pee was sputtered || The deer began to falter
ATM had a pet chicken named George
ATM has a recreation of Seinfeld's apartment so that he can practice his Kramer entrances
The fake snow some ski resorts use is actually just ATM's dandruff.
ATM will be playing T'Challa in upcoming Black Panther movies. Wakanda Forever.
In some circles, ATM is known as "The Elvis Presley of Angola"
The claims of the deer are untrue || And his friends warned he'd pee unto you || You stir in a shiver to him and his river and figure you'd best join in too
Atm is a smashpotterian, part of the fandom for smash mouth and Harry potter. He goes to cons with an L scar on his forehead
"gaslight gatekeep girlboss" - ATM talking about his grandma.
ATM was Andre The Giant's personal chef.
atm loves emergence
ATM loves forcing leftist themes into shows he likes.
atm loves to bring down the vibe
ATM commissioned Butch Hartman to draw his fursona.
ATM celebrates Veteran's day by triggering the PTSD of Vietnam vets
ATM drinks Guinness out of a Carlsberg glass.
atm is a Demon Slayer but has never killed a demon because most just kill themselves as soon as he says "cum breathing 1st form: anime figurine after a long trip with family" rather than deal with whats cumming
atm thinks people need to be nicer about Skyline Chili
The deer in the gym, || He found it quite grim, || Eyes cast to underarm; || As the plaster came down, || He was hit on the crown, || He hopes they will him no harm.
atm stands outside of the US Capitol everyday from 7am-7pm holding a sign that says "give me a goth gf and de-integrate baseball"
atm picked Jhonty up from the train station with his motorcycle (don't worry, it has a side-car)
ATM's tongue is incapable of tasting sour
ATM has some... questionable ties to the Dutch East India Company
ATM invented a new yoga position called The Stupid Bitch, it's when you do yoga || (atm hates yoga and always calls yoga practitioners yiggers)
atm has BTSD (Bitch Teeth, Sad Dick)
ATM still uses "orient" when describing Asian cuisine.
atm referes to his erection as "boner-chan" and his testicles as "double-yolk"
ATM still uses "epic bacon" when describing American cuisine.
Atm wants Hillary Clinton to breastfeed him
ATM has a chastity felt
Atm blackmails people into being his friend
Atm fuckin’ FARTS
atm is a fake natty
Atm wears latex gloves while eating food so that he can lick the flavor off later without feeling as bad
atm is waging a holy war against the state of Connecticut
ATM carries with him a small squirty bottle of thickened red food coloring to spritz on public toilets before he leaves
In 24 hours I'll be inside atm
Atm is just like us. He puts his bra on one arm at a time
Atm has been cooking a soup for almost 3 years now
Atm thinks the beach boys' pet sounds is an album about inserting hamsters up your pee hole
ATM has never met a woman
ATM once won custody of the children from a divorce and he is still reeling from it to this day.
ATM hasn't done shit all day and he feels BAD.
ATM wants to blow you out
ATM has visited almost every Park and Ride / visitor center along the east coast to fill up his little boy gas tank
atm broke into Bass Pro Shop in the middle of the night to swim in the big boy bass tank
Atm filled his friend’s air mattress with nightmares! Let’s see if he notices
ATM accidentally used the litter box instead of the toilet.
ATM's dream job is being a  Waffle House  security guard.
Atm is planning on crashing this bus
ATM is really excited for the Eisenhower Memorial.
Atm follows the Mets, they’re getting a restraining order
ATM goes to museums just to soypog at the art.
damn, atm got a ass
Femanist (screeching): SIRS ARENT EPIC!!!!!!!!!!! || ATM, dabbing in a top hat while listening to classical music (minecraft OST): Yeah, right 😏
ATM invented advantage-tipping, he gets fucked up on advantage flea treatment
When ATM goes out to eat he steals cash tips from other people's tables
ATM has gotten into a fight outside Logan's every time he goes there with his grandfather.
atm loves potato'n'sludge
ATM has good dental hygiene
ATM made a porn parody of "Train to Busan" titled "Train to Bussy"
atm spent years only working out his glutes so while he's very thin and weak everywhere else, he can crush a car with his ass
ATM thinks Spice World is a prequel to Dune.
ATM thought "Union Buster" was a cool anime move when he took the job with The Pinkertons.
Atm is always projecting. That's because his left nipple is a projector
*atm looking at a Deku cosplayer* "Hey man, is your mom here? I wanna Detroit Smash that"
*atm looking at a Deku Scrub cosplayer* "hey do you have some extra deku nuts for me ?"
atm dyed his white couch red by stabbing his friend to death on it
atm thinks the splatoon characters are hot
atm can fit through any opening his head can fit through, this isn't much of an advantage as his head is 3 feet wide
atm doesn't think raccoons are real
atm cancelled dr seuss in 1943
atm has never felt the same way since Sonic 2sday
ATM made his friend's white couch brown from all the poop he's been holding in.
atm refuses the enter Tick Tock Clock at any other speed than full speed
ATM is a cool beauty with a communication disorder.
atm has vtec decals on his mazda
ATM opened a Wing Chun school in Hong Kong after WWII.
atm steals intellectual properties so much that in hong kong he's known as IP man
atm has a "there's no place like 127.0.0.1" doormat
atm's favorite music genre is keygen chiptunes
atm's younger (quite a lot younger, ages 10-12) cousins were watching the flintstones, and atm came in, shouted "GRAND DAD", and started singing snow halation really loudly straight into their ears
atm never bowls a strike because he's pro-capital class
atm was a census enumerator in a rural white area and he marked white people as black or Hispanic so that their districts would get broken up and schools and hospitals wouldn't get built there
atm is anti-race mixing but in a woke way
atm chants "let's go brandon" thinking he's clever
atm keeps getting banned from Chinese restaurants for loudly yelling "so you're telling me a shrimp fried this rice???"
atm loves bringing up his various will ferrell impressions
atm is a pretty little guy
"That lady has some nice sweater puppies if you know what I mean" -atm, seeing a woman walking dogs wearing sweaters
atm can't stop having sex dreams about Neelix from Star Trek: Voyager
there is no difference between jam and jelly. atm *can* jelly his honda civic through your bedroom window
atm keeps bugging the local priest to bless his pasta. he really wants to have some real holy macaroni !
inside atm there are two truckers
ATM was very disappointed when he learned that J.G. Ballard's "Why I Want to Fuck Ronald Reagan" wasn't smut.
like atm always says, one bad pair of apple bottom jeans spoils the bunch
atm burned the clutch on his trans am and that makes him very upset
atm did the strip game with his fursona on twitter but all the options were to strip the flesh off and free the skeleton from its prison
atm says pogchamps when the diner waitress brings him the maccy and cheese
atm once ate 100 McNuggets
atm woke up in a new buggati
ATM has every color of the N64 console
atm's uncle does actually work for Nintendo
ATM is this server's daddy
ATM delivers newspapers out of a volkswagen bus, but only on Sunday's so he can steal everyone's coupon flyers
Atm cosplay as sexy M.Bison every EVO
atm once achieved "urinary nirvana" which is where you drink so much water that you continuously pee as you drink
atm buys the cheap blended olive oil and then puts in front of a TV playing anime to turn it into extra virgin olive oil
atm is selling NFTs of various parts of his body
ATM named his child after a South African Cricket player. Surely it won't confuse people!
Atm beat Don Bradman's batting average
atm yearns for a pre-1994 South Africa (he claims its not a racism thing)
atm is trying to find 5 wolf-sona partners so he can get art commissioned of their sonas ripping his apart but like, in a sexy way
ATM did the Wakanda Forever salute to every art piece in the Smithsonian Museum of African Art.
tm loudly talked about how shit the African art was compared to European art
ATM still enjoys posting on circlebroke and circlebroke2.
atm loves COCK
ATM is outsourced to Korea.
Loool, i saw atm today and his outfit was criiingeeeeeeeee, like lmfao
ATM doesn't remember where he was on June 4th,1989
ATM: 🅱️ome over || Me: no || ATM: my 🅱️arents are a🅱️ay || Me: no
Atm hisses at the mailman
Atm laces flies with lsd so the spiders in his house can trip
ATM betrayed communism no less than four times. he keeps swindling commies into forgetting about it
ATM isn't allowed within 500 feet of a Krispy Kreme donuts
"The camera adds 10 years" -ATM
ATM reports posts on circlebroke2 for being low effort
Atm is a serial miller, always millin' about and such
ATM is a narcissist
ATM pronounces bequeath as buh-queef
In support of the Black Lives Matter movement, ATM got a Queen of Spades tattoo.
atm really hopes Dream wins "content creator of the year"
atm defends Cyberpunk 2077 on twitter
ATM is the winner of 2021's virgin of the year award
ATM sent aid directly to the people needing it most in parts of the world being most taken advantage of, in the form of $100,000 worth of watermelon chewing gum.
Atm is still upset about The Last Jedi
atm's high school principal resolved all student-faculty disputes with wrestling matches
atm turned off the water to the disabled toilets, hehe get it
atm's license plate reads "DEERBOY"
ATM closely guards the secret of whether a deer will involuntarily motion it's leg while getting belly scratches
Here comes atm, here comes atm, get right outta his way   || With Big Chungus and all of his dwarf slaves hauling his big flesh sack || Alarms are ringing, children weeping, all is awful and red || So hang your garlic and say your prayers, 'cause atm comes tonight
atm is in love with his sister's best friend (Wesley Snipes)
Atm looks both way before running across the road at full gallop
atm got absolutely annihilated by a trucker at 3am
atm's blood is just Hi-C Ecto Cooler
ATM REFUSES to call it macaroni and cheese when they use a different noodle.
atm has a "proud liberal" bumper sticker
ATM clips his nails whenever he has a lady over
atm doesn't cook his pasta in water
Atm has very feminine feet
ATM tells people he's into feet even though he's not
ATM is jealous that Crazy Frog is more endowed than him.
Atm misdelivered his package
ATM does a Meyers Briggs test for all his DND characters
atm makes his dates do a Meyers-Briggs test before they order
atm has never heard of Young Dolph and was nowhere near Memphis on November 17, 2021
Atm has dick piercings
Atm has a tattoo of Ronald Reagan on his left cheek and a tattoo of Ronald McDonald on his right cheek so when he claps his big juicy butt cheeks together it makes it look like the Ronalds are kissing
Atm is a beautiful forest nymph and is honestly sick of this shit and wishes he could be an ok looking Starbucks nymph instead
Atm films himself dumping grease down the drain then sends it to his local sewage utility
Atm is a sun deer
A middle aged Japanese school teacher once german suplexed ATM.
ATM is the one who wears all the used panties they sell in Japanese vending machines, he's very busy
ATM's stats are: || COOL 4 || BITCH 20 || BATTLE 12 || DUMB BITCH 20 || CLASSY 15
In one of the most successful operations ever undertaken by the KGB, ATM has been dosing Taco Bell beef with laxative since March of 1962.
ATM had sex with Prince.
ATM considers himself a mascboy
Some people like hot wax, ATM prefers hot glue
ATM has a custom bathroom with the shower head ultra-pressurized and located near the floor pointing straight up at his face
On a warm day in August, in a state of overwhelming joy, ATM and a loving tower of giraffes lept from edge into crystal clear waters; First in, ATM began to laugh and splash back at his fellows as they plunged in behind. There, the tragedy began.
I reached out to caress that soft supple skin and there was a spark as we touched. For only a moment she let out a low, almost beastial tone, surprising me, my breath stopping short. ATM's mom had invited me over for apple pie, but this I decided, was much sweeter. She'd recoiled from our touch, now arms and legs akimbo abut the glass overlooking the back yard. From below ATM offered a wave and a smile and began speaking with a woman who bore an uncanny resemblance. I glanced back at my muse, and it struck me then, that I was in fact dealing with a tree frog, no relation.
ATM is waiting for JFK Jr to return because he owes him $20.
atm fondly remembers Rhodesia
atm only consumes media thats set in Missouri or places like Missouri
atm owns several shower curtains: for different moods 😉
The first 4 rows to an ATM bathing event are called the screave zone
ATM washes himself in the Baltimore harbor as a substitute for receiving the coronavirus vaccine
atm fertilized all the eggs at the grocery store
ATM hides his violent homophobia in the form of reggae and dancehall music.
ATM was always first in the Soul Train line.
During his professional wrestling days, ATM's finishing move was the "Brainbuster" where be would pull a gun out and shoot his opponent in the head.
*atm starting to strum a banjo* "gather round y'all, I got a lot of opinions about Lincoln!"
atm dressed up as a turkey and went to DC in the hopes that the senile President would think he was a turkey and pardon him
Atm coslays as a sexy dodge ram at cons
Atm yearns for a time when lol catz were still a thing
atm is holding a sign that says "Its Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve" not because he's against gay marriage but because he's telling his ex-boyfriend Steve that he's dating someone else
ATM will gag on your 9
atm came up with 9gag after having a sex dream about Star Trek: Voyager
ATM can twerk to any song.
ATM is the mastermind behind Fortnite, he just really wanted his old fanfics to become reality.
Plenty of people propose to ATM but he says "Sorry but I'm married to the gayme".
Atm knows every cutscene in Hotel Mario by heart
I met atm on that one faithful night
atm's pajamas are just a large Garfield shirt, he wears nothing under it
atm makes remixes of Moneybagg Yo songs with Cotton Eye Joe under the artist name "Cottonbagg Yo" (the "yo" is pronounced like it is in Colombian Spanish)
ATM keeps a shard of Kryptonite to keep his Kryptonian sex slaves from revolting.
atm is learning Portuguese because every anime gets a fucking Portuguese dub but never an English dub and he just wants to be able to have anime on in the background while he cooks and does chores
atm puts his money where his mouth is, Switzerland
atm knows suspiciously detailed information about extradition treaties
which came first, the chicken or the egg? ATM
atm left a surprise in a street corner garbage can
atm wears a t-shirt with the url for his LinkedIn page and a QR Code leading to it out to bars in Washington, DC
atm always makes sure his Capitol Hill employee badge is visible
atm brings up that he works at the White House within the first 3 minutes of meeting people (he actually works in the EEOB)
ATM told his friend that they were eating A5 wagyu but it was really just his dead skin.
atm vomited on the table grill
ATM planned a trip to Switzerland but ended up in Swaziland.
atm constantly makes Napoleon Dynamite references
atm was fired from the VFX crew of the recent King Kong movie because he would not stop giving King Kong a huge, visible, detailed COCK
atm is finalizing production of the Dragon Maids English dub, Kanna is voiced by Chris Pratt
the only places atm's birthday is publicly listed are gacha game profiles and arrest records
atm is into sex parkour
atm is into bitchfucking
Atm in a maid outfit and cat ears??? <:pogstolfo:721146520354816020>
ATM thinks when he is private browsing that he doesn't have to shut his door. HIs parents never come into the basement anymore while he's down there.
When atm was a child he kept casting spells hoping that one day it would work. He stopped when it worked, terrified of the power he held
Atm owns and operates a cryogenic facility called "The Miracle on Ice".
ATM invented the sanctimonious blowjob
ATM's favorite holiday is World Toilet Day.
atm doesn't own a toilet
ATM spent $400 on the life-size Lucario plush and $800 on the life-size Lucario dildo
ATM reports this server to the NSA on a daily basis.
*atm takes a shit on your desk* || "here's your lunch baby boy"
ATM was scolded for eating nerds candy during a teeth cleaning when the hygienist had her back turned
ATM dreams of using his antlers as the yoke of a slingshot and hunting Joe Rogan
ATM glues the crusts back onto his sandwiches
Free cringe, ATM's new single
ATM bleeds red, black, and green. ✊🏿
atm invented the mbira and is an accomplished thumb pianist
the number of facts about atm is over 9,000!!!!
ATM accidentally sent the most recent installment of a stay-puft/kool-aid man gay fiction he was writing, got the job, and is concerned.
The lifeguard yelled ATM for splashing in the city pool. He called them racist because he was only doing a solo on the water drums.
*atm blowing a 9 on the breathalyzer after driving his car through a preschool* "is that high? you know us bisexuals! we're bad at math and driving tee hee"
atm likes his kids like he likes Israel, not even a little bit
atm likes his visitation rights like he likes his steak cooked, rarely
Atm calls ice cream "lickbait"
atm has a door that just says "vtuber fart collection" on it in the archives section of sub-basement 4
atm got "glazing pottery" *very* wrong
atm calls his boyfriend's face "donut"
ATM gets overexcited when he gets new parts for his CPAP.
ATM uses his CPAP to practice self-inflation
If you constantly ping atm on discord, he’ll describe your future romantic life partner to you
Atm had a sex dream about starchy Pete
ATM sells egg nog enemas at the christmas market to bolster christmas cheer
@ℒℯ 『atm』 has a third sister but he traded her on the black market for magic cards
Atm has known atm the longest
From a strictly legal point of view, atm is classified as a moped
Due to its shape and length, ATM's wiener and balls are considered a lever-action rifle
atm vacuums his lawn
atm thinks saying "birds aren't real" whenever people talk about birds or post a picture of birds is a hilarious joke
atm host a radio show where he discusses philosophy and takes listener questions over cocktails with his close friend Phil Collins, its "Philosophy Collins with Phil Collins, Please Call In"
atm waited until merth fell asleep in the bathtub then dumped a bunch of jello mix in and turned the AC up to make a merth aspic
atm's 5th birthday party has a Wikipedia page and a body count
atm would rather bitch about content than be the change he wishes to see in the world
atm claps during Marvel movies
atm finally found his calling when NASA announced they were looking to build a nuclear reactor on the moon
They were going to build all pubic toilets as normal walled-in units, but ATM had started a business selling flimsy, gapped partitions and lobbied hard.
when atm plays dota he always goes pos 2 and shreds his guitar because he fucking loves mid riffs
atm posts pictures of attractive male celebrities in discord food channels because "they're total snacks"
ATM thinks the remakes of Pokémon Black and White should be called Über White and Unter Black
atm helps nature by putting tortoises in the pond
atm volunteers at the local old people warehouse teaching them about internet trends and memes
atm is a butterface which is why he's not allowed to go outside when its sunny or above 40F
atm has never lowered his brush
ATM has a full collection of unopened pepsi cans from the Star Wars Phantom Menace promotion. He even has the rare Jar Jar Binks themed vending machine.
Due to an unfortunate baseball accident, ATM’s pee is actually stored in his balls
ATM is to blame for cocaine being removed from Coca-Cola
atm tried to punch a nazi and broke his thumb instead
Atm cried when the TSA confiscated his sword
ATM gets to bring home the "TSA jungle juice" every night.
ATM thinks a sub sandwich involves two twinks
ATM sold his boat to pay for Reddit Gold
Atm joined a “sexy savannah rp” discord server and was disappointed to find out it was furry vore rp and not about the antebellum South
The 8track at the ice rink atm works at broke right before a hockey game so he plugged his phone in and played a nightcore remix of the National Anthem instead
Atm wrote a strongly worded letter to nickleodeon to complain about the lack of continuity in Spongebob.
Atm wants you to buy his new NFT, horny deer club! For only one payment of 50 usd he will buy himself a pizza and ghost you
atm invented a hamster wheel for babies so they can generate power instead of sitting around and eating and shitting all day
atm speedruns meditation
Atm sleeps next to his Sony handycam every night
atm drew the Reddit teenagers comic
Atm has a Soul music band named Urethra Franklin. It has a unique sound
atm has tiny little beds for all his retro gaming consoles that he tucks them into at night
atm is filled with a white-hot hatred for all these insane NEETs that keep making up deranged facts about him
atm hasn't seen every episode of Friends because he only watches it when there are re-runs on cable
ATM was a member of A$AP Mob.
ATM accidentally ordered a Cream Lemon and was not prepared for what he got.
atm goes to Chipotle on first dates because he wants to impress his date with his "golden asshole" (he exclusively dates people he meets through the r/southpark Discord)
ATM was tasked to great an African American version of The Flash called...oh oh no why.
ATM went back in time to teach native americans how to do the electric slide.
ATM's walk cycle is glitched.
ATM make a quilt out of his body hair.
Atm can't listen to Linkin Park without picturing his favorite AMVs in his head
Atm set up an OnlyFans for his turtle
Atm is really getting into femboys, Roman history and Lord of the Rings and it’s making his Jewish friends nervous
ATM is putting a wrestling show on for the brave mujahideen fighters of afghanistan.
Atm just did a sick wheelie on his motorcycle, lost control, went over the guard rail into the water and now the Coast Guard is trying to find the rest of his corpse! Dudes rock
ATM’s doorbell is a recording of him yelling “ding dong”
ATM is a for-hire private detective who flirts with his clients even though his partner is his main love interest.
Atm drives a forklift as his everyday vehicle
Atm has a t-shirt that says “mommy’s little pogchamp”
ATM has been collecting a lot of apple seeds lately, no idea what's that for.
ATM heard nitroglycerin was a good enema so he stuck some dynamite in his ass.
Atm has wide-set nipples
Atm is no longer capable of perceiving the self
ATM is a certified baddie.
atm thinks Will Smith is "gangsta rap"
atm crosses the street whenever he sees Whoopi Goldberg coming towards not just because he's racist but because she hates him
ATM is Danny Devito's hair stylist.
ATM is squatting inside Johnny Cash's childhood home waiting for the man to come around.
This ATM Fact Is Dedicated To The Brave Mujahideen Fighters Of Afghanistan
atm puts the "Freudian slip" in "Carl Jung Freudian slipped on a banana that was symbolic of DEEZ NUTS"
atm self-describes as a NUMTOT
ATM runs a meme page about his city.
atm doesn't own his mistakes, he rents them
ATM believes only he can use slurs because it's his "God given right".
ATM became a super hero so he has an excuse to wear his underwear in public.
ATM gets Lex Luger and Lex Luthor mixed up all the time.
atm really doesnt get why people think George Costanza is funny. He makes a lot of sense ngl !
atm is a straight edge NEET
ATM typs incurretly to piss off falelfls.
atm pisses off jher by not pissing on him
ATM makes microagressions in his facts.
when atm is asked to turn his pc off and then on he takes a shit on the floor in front of it and then pole dances for it
atm goes to AA meetings and describes enjoying a cold beer after work
ATM sells both heroin and Narcan to his clients, what a thoughtful guy!
ATM calls flat-chested women who talk too much "Wall of Texts".
Atm wants to tie an NFT to a discord account so that if you're a positive influence in your community it inflates in value
a witch once cursed atm so that every time he finger-guns, it actually kills somebody
atm fingered my gun
atm's mom always changes the subject when atm asks why there aren't any pictures of him from before age 8
atm will outlive time
atm's grill is sentient and vegan
atm's proctologist quit
atm keeps throwing basketballs at woodland creatures while screaming "gotta catch them all!"
atm bought an NFT-friendly mouse. There's no right button.
Atm hisses at doctors whenever they try to examine him or give him shots
ATM repeatedly makes small withdrawals/deposits at the bank drive through so he can ask for free lollipops each time.
atm's favorite episode of Steven Universe is "Pearl Hates the Irish"
mfw atm says something 😏
atm invents slurs and pays pewdiepie to say them on stream
ATM scrunkle
Atm is a big Radiohead fan. That's why he glued a fleshlight to his boombox
ATM thinks "Vercingetorix" is a sex organ.
atm makes videos advertising NordVPN but never uses it
atm eats glue straight from the horse
atm has a favorite genocide
atm is making good progress on his manga "Undead Rodeo Clowns" and hopes to release the first chapter on Pixiv next month!
ATM doesn't know what "batty boi" or "chi chi man" means but he is ready to use them at the next Pride event!
"blaze di fiya mek we bun dem" -ATM at the Salem witch trials dressed as a rastaman.
ATM teaches Patois to children at the local community center.
atm wants Kamala Harris to spit in his mouth
atm ate a mushroom today!
"atm" is Algonquin for cabbage
this year, atm is thankful for not being one of the insane people that makes up facts about him
"Damn I'd let that bitch destroy me" -atm, watching a nature documentary about wolves
atm went to Canada and melted doggles' neighborhood hockey rink
ATM is hosted by a single Windows Server 2008 in a hot closet
atm is toxic and has brightly colored wings to warn predators of it
ATM never checks his PMs.
Atm never went on an acid trip in his life because he is too based for that
atm loves puns
atm goes up to people and says "hey baby, my abs hurt, how about your give daddy a kiss?" He get hit a lot
atm has an Uncle Sam tattoo on his lower back that says "I want you to blow out these back walls"
ATM likes his cardiology like how he likes his insects, invasive.
atm's best friend is in the hospital and he hasn't even visited him yet
atm's okayest friend is in the morgue and atm visits every night with a car battery, jumper cables, and a weird book
Atm is an otter. He loves collecting smooth stones
ATM "accidentally" knocked over all of Cuda's bikes and pissed on them.
atm fucking hates the Blacks (he's South African)
ATM does pest extermination wearing all-black overalls, giving him the nickname Exterminator of Black
Atm started putting smurfs into camps before there was international intervention
atm fucking hates the Blacks (no additional info)
ATM is sexually attracted to confusion
atm doesn't believe WWI happened
ATM fondly remembers the Weimar Republic.
atm is a jackass
atm vomited in the turkey
atm has a crush on one of the members of this server, who could it be? 😳
atm wishes Barack Obama was real
ATM is the first American to win the UEFA Champions league when he was a part of the 1999 Manchester United team.
atm should probably be more concerned about that mole than he is
ATM doesn't know the difference between a Serb and a Croat and it hasn't got him in trouble yet.
ATM was the captain of his college Overwatch team.
"I figured I'd take a _whack_ at it!" - atm testifying at the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
atm actually pays attention to the relationship stories in Blue Archive instead of skipping through them to get to the combat buffs and pyroxene rewards
When atm says he's built different, he's referring to the titanium alloy that coats his pubes
ATM was the sole provider of performance enhancing drugs to the MLB during the McGwire/Bonds era.
atm dug a burrow in merth's yard and lives in it
ATM sells crack in Merth's neighborhood.
atm says that an alien imitated his husband, and then it tried to have sex with him, and then it claimed to be Xerxes, and then Jesus got involved, and then the alien turned out to be a reptile with a posse of gargoyles.
ATM is Hmong.
ATM gets really weird whenever he sees a PoC in a medieval fantasy TV series.
Atm sleeps in a spider web and eats small creatures and children that wander into it
Atm laid eggs in Jhonty
Atm sold himself as an rtx 3090 on Facebook marketplace
Atm uses his venom to dissolve your insides then sucks out the flurry through the dick
Atm survives by slicing open a recently dead Tauntaun and crawling inside to stay warm, and because he loves it.
Atm hires escorts to go on dates with him to McDonald’s and pretend to be interested in the nerdy things he likes
Atm is doing incredible things with Meatloaf these days
I'm in lesbians with atm
ATM is kinda gay, ngl
ATM locks his half eaten pies in a safe that he only knows the combination for
ATM wrote the Topographia Hibernica.
ATM's full name and address can be found on canary mission
atm projects his insecurities onto his pets
atm bought a female cat because "pets and owners eventually start to look the same"
ATM rewrote the Bible to include Merth as the angel Job met.
ATM is a huge fan of the New Zealand national football team, largely because of their nickname.
Atm leaves pamphlets about jesus as a tip for waiters
ATM tips in Bible verses.
ATM does love a good pump and dump(filling up at his local gas station and taking a large shit in the urinal)
atm thinks pump and dump is when you get an air enema
ATM was kicked out of Sith training for being too evil
atm buys discord nitro for starving children in america
atm's diet is entirely mineral-based
atm thinks spice & wolf is a prequel to spice world
ATM always make the valid point that "Friends" is just a whitewashed version of "Living Single"
Whenever someone tells atm they're in love, he assumes they're in love with him
ATM has been trying really hard to become "King Latifah" but his advances are always shut down.
atm will die and we'll all live on forever
ATM translates manga from Japanese to Orcish.
ATM brought hip hop culture to the goblins.
the goblins keep asking atm which goblins are allowed to say the n-word and he doesn't know how to answer that
there are *a lot* of mistakes on atm's birth certificate
ATM invented a new word for goblins to used called "Gobber". You can probably guess the roots of it.
atm is afraid of toll booths
atm is afraid of tooth balls
ATM is afraid of tool belts
atm jumped into the anaconda exhibit at the zoo because he was lonely and wanted a hug
atm wants more teeth
atm is coming for your teeth
ATM has everyone's tongue.
atm likes pecans
atm wages war every fall with his local squirrels over the nut supply
atm and his partner are in a discord together and they constantly flirt with each other and its weird
atm takes his promise ring quite seriously
atm has a promise cock ring
atm eats chicken by sticking his fist in it then eating it like a flesh lollipop
atm uploads pictures of road kill to facebook and tags merth in them
ATM created a supplemental energy drink formula for the community that's all POG, no gimmicks. It's perfect for live streamers, content creators, gamers, and their communities!
atm can cry on command
atm exclusively listens to anime soundtracks
atm turns into a liquid at 103 degrees Fahrenheit
atm's goal in life is to be a house husband with a powerful business wife that wears here heels when she steps on him and calls him a useless NEET
atm boasts the largest collection of stepdad Alf incest porn in southern Missouri
atm gets loading screens irl
"Yeah man, I know Q. BBQ that is!" - ATM before firing up the grill.
atm wants a vtuber to spit in his mouth
atm got reincarnated in another world as Jesus and its almost Easter
ATM is short for ask-the-mormon
atm celebrates Thanksgiving by giving thanks (money) to all the insane people on his discord
atm gets excited for Black Friday
You're cordially invited to ATM's Symphony of Flesh!
ATM joined a philharmonic orchestra just so he can make video game soundtracks.
Atm started the fur-discordant wind quartet
“Opinions are like assholes, I don’t have one” -atm, on Merkel no longer being chancellor of Germany
ATM really wants to catch a sucker fish
ATM colonized his local game shop.
atm's ears have fruit pectin in them instead of wax
atm throws mushrooms into to ocean because if they have gills then they must be aquatic
ATM's nipples secrete dog saliva with a slight vinegary aftertaste
ATM was writing an erotic novel and accidentally ghost-wrote Harvey Weinstein's autobiography
ATM gets really horny when he visits naval shipyards.
atm refers to holiday feasts as "Festivals of Flesh"
atm's latest fur art has very well drawn feet and nothing else
atm has a show on public access called "Golfing the Gulf" where he plays golf while discussing the Gulf War using golf metaphors
atm is overall pretty normal but sometimes he casually mentions details about his life that are a little weird
atm was not raised by raccoons in a dump in New Jersey, stop asking
atm got his head stuck in the turkey again!
atm was forced to sit at the kids' table because he kept trying to get his parents to invest in crypto
atm is in a dark place right now (he fell down the basement steps before turning on the light)
atm's parents told him the steel mill they made him work at in the summers was camp
ATM played for the Detroit Lions in the 80s
atm has single-ply toilet paper in his own home
atm thinks a "bisexual" is just a Scottish bicycle
atm has a favorite episode of Supernatural
atm is ready to start lobbying congress hard for the creation of a government matchmaking program the second the US population growth rate hits 0
atm woke up covered in glue and spiders
atm unionized merth's cats
atm owns a lot of land in the desert
Atm is a hundred degrees of separation from me. Help he's trying to boil me alive
ATM's favorite Avenger is Hawkeye.
atm watches porn the way it was meant to be watched, on VHS and with friends
ATM goes on twitter to complain about any small problematic part of any given media.
ATM was the 4th string varsity quarterback of his high school football team that won states.
atm goes to the local VFW to get WWII vets into Azur Lane
inside atm there is 1 drankle
I've never met @ℒℯ 『atm』 in person and that makes me sad
ATM made *that* Blue Archive tier list
atm set all the TVs in the house to play only CNN and put massive doses of PCP and DPH in the food
we don't know anything about him
atm keeps putting on a Mario costume and trying to beat up the mayor of Washington, DC
can't believe dire straits made a song about atm
there are microwave ovens in atm's kitchen and he needs to move them before the deliverymen bring his new kitchen
atm goes to high school parties
atm has Twin Peaks on LaserDisc
"more like Monica Le-WIN-ski amirite?" - atm thirsty for Bill Clinton
Atm cut off his butt to spite his peepee
Atm doesn’t understand time zones because he doesn’t respect the sun
uh oh, atm just multiplied! he split in half so now he's 2 atms but half the size and twice as fast!
atm learned The Voice from Dune and uses it to make himself orgasm
atm shuts down for the day once he's used up all his gay
when intimidated, atm stretches his arms out in front of him and flays the muscles of his forearms off to form two writhing flowers of meat and blood with black-boned stamens all while he rattles his skull
Atm had a crush on a black girl so he asked her dad for a n word pass
atm reads at the speed of five pages per page
ATM is hyped for the debut of Hololive 6th Generation, AKA HoloX, at 21:00 JST today, friday the 26th of November 2021
atm's footsteps make a loud wet slapping sound
"and anyway man, thats just how society is" -atm, after 30 unhinged minutes of ranting about lizards, Mormons, anime and Judaism to all the people stuck on the subway car with him
atm watched The West Wing to get excited for his move to Washington, DC
atm always get rid of his Thanksgiving food thru his tummy furnace, which doubles as a crematorium
atm's poops always come out sideways
ATM sent all his twink friends muscle milk and protein powder telling them to "bulk up some you fucking twigs"
ATM was found passed out in Scotty Kilmers shed on the morning of Thanksgiving 2021
atm is crying on the inside
atm goes shopping on Black Friday so he can deck suburban white women in a socially acceptable way
atm uses snapchat
atm likes computers
atm is proudly racist
atm gave it (herpes) away
ATM really doesn't like Black Friday.
atm's signature sandwich is peanut butter and turkey on a croissant
atm pronounces "croissant" like a douche
atm is passionate about his HOA
when rock music comes on, atm mutters something about "negro music" before taking a shotgun to the radio
atm is really racist
ATM may not know his left from his right but he knows it's right to hit a Nazi with a left hook.
ATM only has an American-centric view on race.
ATM taught Cirno math.
ATM used to call Cyrano de Bergerac a cuck a lot back in the day.
ATM thinks Edmond Dantes is the protagonist of Devil May Cry.
atm has a creepy little third arm in the middle of his chest
ATM has a lot of nasty hoes. He really needs to clean his gardening tools.
ATM goes to orphanages to tell the kids how awesome having birth parents is then leaves.
ATM is going to take his '97 Honda Civic to the car wash.
ATM was pondering (smoking) his orb (crack).
atm loves squirt vs pee discourse
atm loves pee
ATM does blackface so he can lower property values in his neighborhood.
atm gets excited for Christmas music
atm knew that Henry Kissinger had died before the news went public because of the sound his erection made when he got the Death Erection
atm's body pillows go under the covers with him because Mao deserves to be cozy too
ATM is a lich
atm does porn under the name "Captain Hardcock Ass Pirate"
atm's spaghetti with "meat sauce" sure looks a lot like alfredo
Atm has a pet raccoon that speaks English
Atm is looking for a wife with tentacles so if you know any women with tentacles or more than 2 arms (he’s not picky) please send them his way
Atm got arrested again for jumping in Baltimore harbor and trying to get Mr. Trash Wheel to vore him
Atm doesn't read any X Men comics past 2012 when it got too woke
ATM taws all the flesh he harvests on his late-night trips
The great pyramids were actually made by atm when he was on a bender. He doesn't remember any of it
Atm compresses his used tissues into a log of tissue and “human” bodily fluids then mails it to a random address in the UK
Atm served the turkey he ran over for thanksgiving
Atm ate the dog’s food when he was a kid. His parents didn’t try to stop him
Atm confuses Canada and Narnia a lot
Atm has a 402k retirement plan
Atm is making chili and his pet raccoon that speaks English is nowhere to be found
Atm wishes people would be meaner to him when he’s horny
Oh no! ATM's bad dragon products have gone full Toy Story 1 on him
Atm ate an entire bag of onions in order to karma farm on r/AteTheOnion
Atm joined the Air Force so he could drone strike the French
Every day atm must say "Geez Louise" out loud in order to avoid Dire Consequences
The number atms in the world is slowly dwindling
Bomb? Ropes? Oil? You want it, atm has it, as long as you have enough cocaine
Atm smuggles cats into prisons
Atm buttchugs Sunny D ™
atm got beat up by a 5 year old
atm tries to explain things to members of this server using sports metaphors
atm enjoys football because theres nothing he likes more than a good old fashioned TBI
Atm thinks getting to third base with a woman is just talking about literal baseball and that makes him horny
ATM’s favorite Star Trek series is Deep Space 9 because it has the most baseball
ATM’s alarm clock alarm is a recording of Gilbert Gottfried reading James Joyce’s love letters
Atm is why his local firefighters carry guns
Atm has some incredible bones
Atm makes smoking weed his entire personality
Atm bought his sister a chainsaw for her birthday. She has no idea what to do with it
atm's first born child weighs 7 liters, all pee
atm calls his heroin needle his flavor injection system
ATM can not defeat Air Man.
Atm hits his father with a drumstick once a year to see if he's dead beat
Atm was thinking about why so many in the radical left participate in "speedrunning" ||  || The reason is the left's lack of work ethic ('go fast' rather than 'do it right') and, in a Petersonian sense, to elevate alternative sexual archetypes in the marketplace ('fastest mario')
ATM tips over the players at wheelchair basketball games.
atm looks forward to being a mall Santa every year
atm goes caroling with his family in July but they sing Rob Zombie songs instead of Christmas music
atm sells "homosexual microwaves" out of the back of his van under the bridge
atm sounds with Coke cans
ATM is a landlord in Second Life.
What do you do with a drunken Adam? || What do you do with a drunken Adam? || What do you do with a drunken Adam? || Passed out in the toilet ||  || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Passed out in the toilet ||  || Dress him up in a stinky fursuit || Dress him up in a stinky fursuit || Dress him up in a stinky fursuit || And leave him in the toilet ||  || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Passed out in the toilet ||  || Soak him in gas and light him on fire || Soak him in gas and light him on fire || Soak him in gas and light him on fire || Passed out in the toilet ||  || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Passed out in the toilet ||  || Put him in the trash compactor || Put him in the trash compactor || Put him in the trash compactor || We need to use the toilet ||  || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Passed out in the toilet ||  || Use his Twitter and get him canceled || Use his Twitter and get him canceled || Use his Twitter and get him canceled || For casually using the n-word! ||  || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Way hay and up he rises || Passed out in the toilet ||  || That's what we do with a drunken Adam || That's what we do with a drunken Adam || That's what we do with a drunken Adam || Passed out in the toilet!
atm bought his washing machine specifically because it has "whites" and "colors" options
atm has two Subway ™️  $5 Foot Long ®️ Sandwiches on his person at all times
atm still has nudes he was sent in 2012
ATM finna get some punani
Idris Elba has been casted to play ATM in the upcoming ATM movie.
ATM tried learning the language of demons but it ended up being Welsh instead.
ATM is into NTR(New Trucks Regularly).
ATM collects trucker hats.
ATM was the first sin.
atm calls his room Hentai Temple
ATM pesters his favorite vtubers to sing Ikenai Borderline, King, and Freebird during Karaoke streams.
ATM recently bought some fox ears, a bicycle, and an AR-15. Who knows why tbh.
When ATM cannot sleep, he works on updating his hit list.
atm looks cute when he's sleeping
atm's cum can change your IQ by 5 points
"hey baby, are you an angel because this is the most terrified I've ever been in my life" -atm, getting back into dating
ATM keeps a gemstone collection for their special properties, including the ability to throw them at people he doesn't like.
ATM gets tattoos done in invisible ink
ATM is my special foot blanket
atm has been talking about his definitely real girlfriend in unrelated conversations a lot lately
atm watches vampire movies on date night to set the mood
Atm is into smoking the crumbs under merths couch
Atm made a smoked turkey but used weed instead of wood
ATM commissions piano music for his weekly sad car rides
You cannot kill atm in a way that matters
atm is an extant form of life
Atm thinks Spiderman is a stoner since he loves Mary jane
Atm keeps distorting Donald Trump's name more and more, he currently calls him "Klongald Puntbe"
"Klonglad Puntbe is not a cool scrunga, but a vlinto pimbo". -ATM
atm has big bouncy boobs
sometimes atm just stands at the urinal holding his wiener and admiring the meaty heft of it. Then he shits in the urinal.
atm got lost in his local Macy's bathroom and only escaped when the crane knocked down the building when the mall was being demo'ed
ATM falls asleep hugging a good warm ham every night.
ATM has intrusive thoughts of getting jacked off by Danny DeVito
ATM uses his psychic powers to make others think about Danny DeVito jacking them off
atm just got his blue check on twitter
atm is a super freak
ATM is the head chef in a Japanese Birthing Clinic
atm once ate a pound of uncooked rice
ATM busted out the stanky leg at the last city council meeting.
atm didn't vote in 2020
atm held a sign that said "we could be at brunch right now" at the 2017 women's march
atm finds Pete Buttigieg exciting
atm can split his legs in half to make 4 legs so he can run faster like a spindly centaur from Hell
atm had that dream again where his sisters steal his teeth and then woke up to find his teeth mysteriously missing again
atm doesn't know it, but buying anime figurines and jars at the same time flags alarms at the NSA
atm has a dream catcher tattoo
atm collects weird t-shirts instead of having a personality
ATM took Pete Buttigieg's butt virginity.
ATM goes to Italian restaurants and order in a very stereotypical Italian voice. The owners thinks he's from Florence.
ATM is planning on assassinating Kabosu because he hates doge memes so much.
ATM does construction worker ASMR.
atm has his own brand of cutting boards
ATM's parents asked why he is up so late and he told them that he is still trying to "get that nut"
Atm made a brief cameo in Space Jam: A New Legacy
Atm had a sex dream about Lin Manuel Miranda
Atm is a boob man, just a pile of walking, lactating, screaming breasts
Atm has very inspiring flesh, really brings out the inner Cronenberg
Atm is known at his local ER as “rectum Gundam dude” for how often he comes in to have a Gundam extracted from his rectum
atm ended the cold war because he got tired of seeing everyone's nipples poke through their shirts
Atm loudly yells "ESTOY POOPIN" whoever he shits in a public restroom
ATM made his ex-wife do QA testing for his Mario rom hack. They later got divorced after she found him cheating on her with Merth.
Atm loudly yells "ESTOY POOPIN" whenever he shits in a public restroom
atm eats raw liver for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
ATM only celebrates Hanukkah to justify eating only jelly donuts every meal.
Atm puts grape jelly on his cream cheese and lox bagels
ATM turns his bialys into bagels by poking holdes into them with his special piercing implement.
"Did It hurt when you fell from heaven? Because if it did I will have to kill you." - ATM the Demon Hunter.
It’s the rainy season in ATM’s diaper
ATM reads western comics right to left.
Atm sells certified pre-owned bussies
atm celebrates cyber monday by sticking his dick into an electrical socket
Atm is in a coma and he can only get out of it if he can escape the nightmare labyrinth in his mind! The monsters are the parts of himself that he hides away and refuses to confront but he has to confront them here! Also, it’s crumbling around him as his body slowly dies! Sure hope he can escape before he disintegrates into nothing!
Instead of a lemonade stand, atm ran a neighborhood bait shack when he was 6
In case of emergency, atm can kill you
ATM sitting in front of the fireplace with his tec-9 sees Santa coming down the chimney.  "Finna die if you touch my chocolate chip cookies fat man". "Leave the presents and go, this house doesn't tip".
Atm lives in a castle in feudal Missouri
Atm threw a hotdog down a hallway and has no idea how that was supposed to be like his mom like those middle schoolers claimed
atm beat up and robbed that guy from nightcrawler and took his job
atm has a lot of opinions on Africa
atm got caught in a riptide and ending up in Liberia
Atm once challenged a judge to a nipple fight during his sentencing
atm made a living turducken
atm's urine has a bioluminescent quality to it
ATM street races with a horse drawn buggy, he loses all the time.
ATM once solved poverty but didn't put his name on the paper so it was thrown out
atm can teleport through vape clouds
atm watches porn in the bathroom at work
ATM donates baby clothes to abortion clinics.
atm smells like trash
the sun never sets on atm. He's deathly afraid of the dark, so he's been on a plane going around the world since he turned 7
atm runs a sketchy In Vitro Fertilization clinic called "Unplanned Parenthood"
"ooooh, you said 'ethics'!" - atm at the Hague, 2044
atm plays competitive Hokey Pokey
atm's first love was the wacky inflatable tube man that advertised a sketchy used car lot on the poor side of town
atm learned to type on an upside down keyboard
atm bought a big truck so he can legally kill pedestrians (he lives in Texas)
ATM had a public access show where he talks about vtubers and anime horse girls.
atm's queefs smell like ammonia and sour orange juice
ATM goes to Trinidad Carnival just to be covered in mud.
atm's CV includes 4 mentions of "love fraud" and a vague reference to a murder in 1997
T-Pain's hit song "I'm 'n Luv (wit a Stripper)" is about ATM.
atm is still really hung up on an incident with a stripper he was involved in in Toronto all these years later
atm won't get over it (the flu)
atm sells "broken heroin" in the parking lot of his local Denny's
atm keeps trying to convince people Family Guy is funny
ATM quotes Nietzsche constantly.
atm thinks being really into philosophy makes him cool
atm heard the news, that God is dead, and rejoiced in the life he was living
atm types ふ as 'hu'
atm has seen God's penis and trust him, we were not made in His image
atm went to Japan and acted out anime tropes to try and fit in with the locals
ATM really relates to Psyduck.
atm drives a Yugo
atm does the Gangnam Style dance irl a lot
ATM thinks "Yu-Gi-Oh" is a Slavic slur.
atm doesn't know why people whine so much about getting shot by the police, it feels kinda good and they let you keep the bullets that stop inside you
atm drives a Yugo because he relates to the plot of Drowning Mona and understands what it's like to want to kill your wife by cutting her breaks
"It wasn't a slur! You have to look at the motivation and intention behind an utterance before you can ascribe and ascertain meaning behind it!" - atm, shortly before being beat up by 4 minority gentlemen
Atm watches Paw Patrol so he can compile all the times the firefighter pup hurts himself and post it on youtube
atm has "COVID" tattooed on both hands because people be catchin' 'em left and right!
atm wishes Zootopia had more police brutality
atm has a small part in Shrek that had gone unnoticed for 20 years until a Youtuber pointed out that the same person that voices the Wolf at the beginning is the same person that stole the catalytic converter off his Toyota last Thursday
ATM was one of those weird white guys who converted to Islam while in jail.
ATM made extremely violent underground rap in the mid 2000s and still has a strong following in Europe.
atm keeps inviting people over for "French-style pizza" and not explaining what that means
ATM makes bread with fentanyl
atm is looking forward to being an eccentric old person instead of a weird and off-putting adult
It took ATM decades to perfect the "double wink" but he did it!
atm's eyes fall out if he brakes too hard
atm's new hentai "Squid Games" was sued for naming issues
atm wishes it was socially acceptable to say "hold on, gotta dump one out" then loudly and violently shit his diaper before continuing the conversation like normal
atm is a PIMP: ||  || Peeing || In || Most || Places
ATM owns five 7-11s in the VCU area and they are placed in a pentagram shape.
"How about I show you _my_ Global South?" - atm hitting on sociology students
"Liver? More like dier!" - atm in a back alley with a saw
ATM only listens to conscious rap and underground hip hop because it makes him feel superior.
ATM offered Jay-Z an ether and a pack of camel cigarettes.
ATM was a correctional officer with Rick Ross.
ATM beat the shit out of Birdman in front of Lil Wayne.
atm has a signal jammer in his basement so that the Elves cannot call for help
ATM uses his PTO for his bathroom breaks.
atm lost his copy of the gay agenda so he started improvising by shooting paintballs at straight people
atm goes to his local airsoft meets dressed as a taliban
atm LARPs in bed (sexually (with his genitals))
Ross from friends is atm's comfort character
atm has a miniature model hobby, but his scale model re-creation of the 1994 Rwandan Genocide has worried everyone at the expos he goes to
atm has been dressed as "Ghetto Gandalf" since Halloween 2005. Instead of a long wooden pipe, he smokes a crack pipe. He travels the world (Ohio) with 4 "Hobbit friends" (little people he's kidnapped), fighting the "forces of Sauron" (Ohio State Police)
ATM only goes camping because some cute wholesome anime girls did it and inspired him.
atm only goes on camping trips with his friends so he can hunt them through the woods
"Tho I cannot, you must go there for me" - atm, on phat saying the n-word
atm just ate a pound of chalk! Let's see what happens next!!
ATM only picks up hobbies that where in slice of life anime.
ATM uses dilaudid as a party drug
atm told his friends about his stage 4 cancer diagnosis by starting it with "guess who's about to get isekai'd!"
When ATM was asked about his most recent ex-wife, all he said was "she got isekai'd" and left it at that.
atm is a soccer hooligan
every year on christmas atm booby traps his house with 12 gauge shotguns in the spirit of Home Alone
atm's sisters inject him with heroin at night
atm has a foolproof method for winning crane games (smash the glass and steal everything)
atm drives the wrong way on the freeway because the US government can't tell him what to do
atm started screaming about communism and North Korea and the Constitution when the cashier wouldn't take his coupon that expired in 2007
atm is just like that
atm is weird but in like, a bad way
atm perpetuates harmful stereotypes about autistic people
Atm makes a new video with fake subtitles over that one hitler scene in Downfall every sunday. His most recent one is complaining about paw patrol
atm sure has been making a lot of references to his failing physical health lately in the forms of jokes
atm didn't understand George Floyd's murder until someone made a video of it with Paw Patrol characters
atm thinks Malcolm X should've been more polite
atm uses MLK quotes against people that advocate for racial equality
atm starts a prayer before he masturbates so God can watch porn with him
Atm keeps watching his own dota replays because he has a feeder fetish
if you read atm facts backwards, it summons a goblin that looks a little like atm that acts out the fact
ATM does wotagei chants during church service.
atm's poop has a polka dot pattern and nobody knows why
atm broke into the White House so he could shit in the same bed Reagan did
Doctors hate atm ! Find out why ! (he does donuts in his civic in the hospital parking lot)
atm has great health insurance but still goes to the ER for non-emergency care just to slow down the line for "those uninsured illegals"
atm's favorite spongebob episode is the one with the health inspector
atm puts on "Squidward choking on fork 10 hours ASMR bass boosted" to help him sleep
"Isn't it weird how living people make crimes against, for example, necrophilia?" - atm, on some shit
atm rents farm animals when he has parties to make himself seem more interesting
Atm advertises his living room as a venue for weddings
atm hates big government. He wants to super-size the government
atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife. atm has a knife.
atm has only referenced 1984 from 2009-2017 and 2021-present
has atm ever _read_ a book? No. That doesn't stop him from pelting the homeless with them, however
atm keeps talking about Stadium Arcadium and it's getting annoying
atm gives the homeless Nietchez quotes instead of money
"my great grand pappy didn't fight a war against the British with the French's help for me to respect the French language!" -atm, not bothering to spell "restaurant" correctly
Atm owns a Fuddruckers where he specifically ordered the "uddr" part of the sign to not be lit
atm goes to Maymont and sleeps in the former maid quarters while dressed as a catboy maid
here atm comes!
"Herman Cain" -atm, on the voice he hears under his bed when the night is at its darkest
atm does not involve himself with non pure-bloods
all day long atm thinks about sex, and all night long atm thinks about sex, and all the time atm thinks about sex with you
ATM eats toothpaste
Atm uses toothpaste to clear his acne
atm's favorite knife is called the "Disassembling Dagger"
atm dumps all the waste cooking oil and grease into a jar and then eats it with a spoon
atm fell for the toothpaste-on-nipples prank
atm pisses into mason jars and makes people smell it
ATM had finally done it, he has scaled MT Kilimanjaro and found the original N-word pass. Filled with happiness and glee and tears in his eyes, ATM cried out at his highest voice, "WHAT'S UP MY NIGGAS!!!"
Rumor has it atm will use the n-word (hard r) some time during 2022
ATM invented the word "Nigger" by accident while sneezing.
atm owns the Bubble Space Telescope. It's a normal telescope he uses to stare at people's asses through his attic window
ATM uses a pee-riscope to look inside his own bladder
atm joined the italian navy beacause he was craving an italian sub
atm thinks he's real clever to have figured out that Omicron is an anagram of Moronic
atm thinks a Whopper is Italian food
"Traumatic brain injury? Scucga fphub to the Washington izza!" - atm, after a traumatic brain injury
atm was a trauma surgeon in a downtown Detroit hospital in the 80s
atm made Robocop out of a desire for a sex robot who would RP as a cop
atm keeps having to push his intestines back in
atm cites the presence of homeless people near the White House as a reason why the homeless should be rounded up and "fixed" rather than advocate for policies that end homelessness
all of atm's psych evals come back with the results "Other, Unspecified"
Atm wishes every tesla driver would fall asleep in their car while it's turned on in their garage
ATM went on a date with Johnny Bravo once.
atm runs the Riot (support forums)
ATM calls pooping "anal yeeting"
atm calls burps "oral queefs"
atm is really afraid of "the black people" (what he calls the shadow people in his room)
ATM fucking hates crackers.
ATM wanted health insurance for his mining buddies so he trapped them in a mine until they got Black Lung Disease. Now they qualify for Medicare!
ATM's cock is so large that he's unable to actually penetrate most sexual partners
Atm WILL moan if you lick his eyelashes
Atm has a 1000$ bounty for anyone who commits a hate crime
atm stopped playing Genshin when he found out you couldn't give Paimon a big sword
atm ate all merth's beans
ATM’s parents tell people their son is an orphan
There are two ATMs, the real one and the inside one that he split from his real self and turned into a hodgepodge of small projections onto an internet friend who lives in Virginia
ATM thinks Chinese vampires are hotter than European ones.
ATM makes tik tok dances to songs about suicide.
Atm keeps asking me if I want to come over and see his cool sword collection
Inside atm there are 5 tapeworms
Atm is a tenured professor and just slams back beers all day during lectures, his evening classes are messy to say the least
It’s 2am, do you know where your atm is?
atm won a lifetime supply of cheez doodles but ate it all in one sitting
Every night atm sees the city burning in his dreams and the date is blurry on the newspaper at his feet. Every night the city burns but the stories change, can he prevent this? Do his decisions matter? If he does the right thing will the city shine and the children laugh or is this inevitable? What if the right thing is to do the wrong thing tomorrow? The sun will rise soon
Atm participates in his local Christmas parade by dressing as Santa and dressing wiener dogs as reindeer to “pull” his sleigh. It’s adorable.
Q: When does ATM shower? || A: ||He doesn't||
ATM Proverb 612: While looking into a mirror, speak your problem with an inquisitive inflection.
atm stanky kuso yarou desuyone
Atm is opening a maid cafe in Richmond where all the maids are racist
ATMs chef name is notorious BLT
ATM joined a meeting for ethnic cleansing thinking it was a bathhouse
atm names his fleshlights
ATM is really into the Hyperdimension Neptunia series.
There are more fake atm facts than real atm facts
There are more real atm facts than fake atm facts
Thankfully none of the fake atm facts out there are in the fact bot's list of facts
atm has wiener size on his business card
there are four real ATMs. can you find them all?
ATM lost Waldo
Atm bought the same deodorant as his favorite vtuber so he can eat it thinking he's licking pits
ATM copies his favorite vtuber's diet in an attempt to recreate her pee
ATM gets all nervous and embarrassed to be in the aisle picking out deodorant, walking away and pretending he's not looking if someone approaches
atm thinks all cats are girls and all dogs are boys
ATM has never seen a condom before
ATM is wanted by Mossad for working on the Iranian nuclear project
atm fought in the Vietnam War, but for the other side
atm's Shellshock is flaring up
ATM served as the head of the Stasi's gay nightclub division
atm can uncook a chicken
atm is buying Christmas presents (minimum value: $100) for everyone in this server
ATM can unboil an egg
atm is going shoplifting for Christmas!
ATM is so desperate for pussy that he spent all his money on Disney vacations
atm can suck his own dick
atm is passionate about fracking
"Masonic? More like 'So Manic' amirite?" - atm while being TDO'd at his local psyche ward
atm refers to his polycule as "playing favorites"
ATM plays favorites so that people in his server can battle each other to the death for his love.
atm is poly and yes he's white and annoying, how'd you know?
ATM is a very strong government supporter in the Ethiopian Civil War. please do not ask him for his opinions on Tigrayans
ATM returned to his lab in the Caucus Mountains to invent a new race of people so he can create new slurs.
atm loves cock waffle! Whats this cream inside?
I love fucking pomu - atm 2021
ATM got in-school-suspension twice this year for casting a peetronus spell on a couple of cute boys he liked in the dining hall
ATM hates poor people so much that he designed every states Medicaid website.
*atm holding a gun to his enemy's head* "when you get isekai'd, tell Aqua I want to get her pregnant" *pulls trigger*
atm keeps putting fake information about vampires into wikipedia so people will have a harder time killing him
Atm invented gay
atm can't remember if he last used this thermometer in his mouth or his butt
atm lied about being forklift certified
ATM is starting an adults-only Jurassic park theme park
Atm created Peecari Sweat
ATM has tanuki sized balls.
atm nailed Jesus (to the cross)
atm nailed Jesus (in the ass)
atm steals retired police officer's pensions and spends them on gacha
atm won one won
ATM invented the Steel Pan.
atm gets penis envy from long baguettes
atm has really bad castration anxiety
atm is eating goober peas
Atm invented Markov anal-beads
ATM is a sex doctor.
atm is a whale sexologist
While being interrogated for the murder of 4 of his 9 ex-wives, ATM's response was "no u".  He was found not guilty on all accounts.
ATM has never met a woman be truly loved.
ATM signs up for those weird webinars he gets in his work email.
atm is the CEO of racism
in this world its make bread or be bread and atm is all out of yeast
ATM doesn't know what teabagging is because he only drinks loose leaf tea.
ATM likes his language like how he likes his bathrooms, gendered.
atm got you a gift! Its existential dread
atm still wears his "'rawr' is dinosaur for 'I love you'" shirt that his scene girlfriend got him at Hot Topic in 2007
Atm keeps asking Jhonty where Trinimom is
Shakira's hit song "Whenever, Wherever" was about atm pooping
atm untaught falafels english
"dreams are windows to the soul" -atm, on why he sleeps with a brick
atm replaced real human interactions with vtubers and anime
atm did Deku's training regimen to be more like his favorite twink. He didn't get superpowers but he did greatly improve his community
"boss makes a dollar, I make a dime, thats why I sacrifice goats on company time" -atm, shortly before getting fired from the petting zoo
atm gets saner as his facts get more insane, its a Dorian Gray kinda deal
Atm is kind ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || of <:pGay:853668072808644648>
<:merthThinking:813915764780171374> <:peachpats:719968328067711017> <:atmthink:846777919069487126>
uh oh! Its about to rain and atm is wearing all white and walking with his crush!  Is he going to get all wet and see through and is his crush going to see the lacey underwear he's wearing when they take shelter all alone together? What a trope!
atm puts the "you" in "hospital"
atm and merth built a wrestling ring in their backyard and hold wrestling matches for the neighborhood
Atm ranks anime characters based off the quality of their tails, horns, ears, wings and combinations there of
atm was mad Dune didn't have a post credit scene that started establishing the Dune Cinematic Universe
Atm poops in the yard
ATM's hatred for women landed him many lucrative management positions in various gaming companies.
Atm sold all his flesh to Pete the Flesh Buyer who lives down by the river and buys flesh from down on their luck blokes
Atm will give you an exotic massage on demand! And by exotic massage he means running you over with an exotic car. And by exotic car he means his Honda civic.
ATM’s parents banned sock skating in the house after an unfortunate accident involving atm and the TV
ATM does weird journal posts on video game songs on Youtube.
ATM's go to breakfast is sidewalk peanut butter.
atm is jordan peterson's personal butcher
World AIDS day is ATM's favorite holiday.
ATM has a made-up-facts kink
atm doesn't need bug repellant spray; he has a perfectly working pair of buttcheeks
atm's buttcheeks are in the shop, transmission blew from all that grinding
atm is a white supremacist symbol
atm is passionate about pop punk
ATM maybe super racist, but he's not a white supremacist.
ATM is an Irish supremacist
atm teaches Masturbation Studies at Vassar
Atm invented gyoza sex
During ATM's routine physical, the momentary confusion between cough and bark made things quite awkward..
atm thinks Los Angeles is cool
ATM describes Venice Beach as "Richmond on a beach".
ATM tried to copy the success of the "snap my choker" meme with "tear my sphincter"
ATM gets knackered after a long day of moderating his porn subreddits
atm just blew himself...up
atm drinks fertility medecine every morning to make his balls huge and full
ATM feeds for the rest of the game if he dies even once in dota 2.
atm once wrote a 45 page essay on why Elon Musk is a great representative for the INTJ type
atm drives over the road rumble strips so he can quive a little bit.
ATM told one of his ex-wives to go into the river with a Kangaroo.
"Finna crash the stock market!" - ATM as he drives his '97 Honda Civic into Wall Street.
ATMs life is one long story of betrayal, primarily by his farts
Atm provides frosting to urinal cakes
ATM has a buried fiber optic gf
when someone new comes into atm's basement, he formally welcomes them to "the cum zone".
atm fired the "shot heard around the world".
atm fired the "cumshot heard around the world".
atm was the first man to circumnavigate the globe. He stowed away on Magellan's ship and performed a cumtribute on every continent. It ended with a "13-roper" in South America.
much like your standard washing machine, atm also has a dial for "load size"
atm holds minorities to a higher standard than non-minorities
atm went back in time and got Nietzsche laid
atm doesn't like any of you people
atm prefers media targeted at women and girls because he identifies closer with it emotionally
atm plays Monopoly with the chimps at the local zoo every Friday
atm giggles when he orgasms
if you send atm pictures of your stinky greasy wiener, he'll rate it
atm spiced things up in the bedroom by putting googly eyes on his testicles
Atm uses the Chinese government as a middleman to rent out his pandas to zoos
ATM jacked off so hard he dislocated both his shoulders.
atm's tears are 100% malt liqour
Atm told the officers he wanted to lay their eggs, but that's where the bodycam footage ends
ATM went to Ho Chi Minh City and was disappointed by the lack of hoes.
atm got mad that his conference was in Falls Church and not in DC because "there's no good food in Falls Church, its just a stupid suburb"
atm's daily conduct transcends human comprehension
Atm refers to his Mongolian ex-pat neighbor as a "Mong US"
atm makes all his pizzas into rhombus shapes because he doesn't play by the rules
atm marinates his balls in a slurry of listerine, bone broth, and essential oils every morning to improve his offensive BO
Atm wears an alligator fursuit when he goes to video game tournaments because he's a proud gamergator
atm is kind of a big deal around these parts
Atm opens every post with "IANAL" in law advice subs. He does not know it's an acronym
atm gets mad at people looking at his cleavage but absolutely refuses to stop wearing plunging v-cut's that go down to his bellybutton.
atm got "semen retention" very wrong
ATM has an encyclopedic knowledge of "The Diary of a Wimpy Kid" series.
ATM loves the free lemonade slushees he finds on the ground when it snows.
atm enjoys talking about anime with teenagers on the internet
ATM dresses up like a slutty gyaru with leopard print lingerie but in reality he's a pure virgin.
ATM is a history twink.
ATM used to have a huge crush on Cupcake1713
atm was the first man on the moon because he is the moon
when atm said "Attack The Moon," he meant a children's crusade
atm sleeps naked when he is drunk
ATM uncovered a CP ring and didn't report it to the FBI. He killed the instigators with his bare hands.
The chaos that gives birth to the dancing star is ATM.
ATM doesn't need philosophy, he has perfectly working buttcheeks.
Atm is the owner of multiple bars whose sole purpose is to appear on "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives"
ATM's fantasy is cucking Miss Piggy and sleeping with Kermit the Frog while she watches.
ATM eats tacos daily.
ATM finds gay anime school girls to be very relatable.
atm despises Israel, he has no strong opinions on Palestine
they were called the "Virgin Islands" until atm went there
Is atm gay? Stay tuned for more at 11.
atm watches cable news
atm was in Egypt during the Arab Spring, instigating riots. Once, he met a rioter who would go for their hip any time they heard a pop. Pop, hip. Pop, hip. Atm recognized a Cop-tic when he saw one
ATM is bigger than Hip Hop
ATM was very good friends with Marcus Garvey.
"The South will rise again!" - atm, committing to overcoming his erectile dysfunction
atm intentionally never uses apostrophes when writing
atm's brain has run out of space. He only had a gigabyte of memory, and it can't contain both his Gigachad personality and horse porn facts
ATM injected cuda with horse DNA to make Uma Musume real.
ATM runs a halfway house where he sells the residents heroin.
ATM brought enough ketamine to share while he's in rehab.
ATM commits HIPAA violations via discord
atm is a dick2 || /dɪk/ || Learn to pronounce || noundated•informal || noun: dick; plural noun: dicks ||  ||     a detective.
atm is "ballin' like Stalin"
ATM can't rhyme
I became much happier when I stopped using atm's scrotum
atm has a secret instagram where he posts spicy content
atm has a public instagram where he posts food for white people from the Midwest
atm wishes he had been born with an ovipositor instead of having to make one from a cow femur
atm charges for his friendship, if you're not getting an invoice every month, you aren't his friend
atm's friendship is the McDouble of relationships
ATM jumped the broom.
atm wrote, produced, directed and starred in a porn parody of Demon Slayer called "Semen Slayer"
ATM gets his news from the local barber shop
atm created his own version of the game show "double dare" where he is the host and instead of people getting slimed they get screaved.
ATM is our sukipi.
ATM's teeth are surprisingly brittle
I became more scrotum when I started using atms homemade ointment
atm stole an entire chicken fillet (cooked)
"my biggest weakness is white women" - atm, at burning man
ATM's scrotum is "interdimmensiona l" [sic]
atm doesn't get offended by racist jokes
atm is a racist joke
atm is a squatter
ATM knows every pizza delivery driver by scent
atm browses /b/ multiple times a day
atm wishes Japari Park was real so he can date one of the unreasonably thicc penguin friends
ATM has a shrine to those that have fallen and inspired him. The shrine includes Tupac, Malcolm X, and Grape-kun.
The only projection atm does is projectile vomiting
Atm suggested adding a Santa skin to Battlefield
I can't believe it! (I am not to finna to believe it) || ATM broke into the Smithsonian Museum of Cum and stole all the cum!
Yeh ATM gey
Some people get high on life, atm was arrested for possession and went to jail but met a nice guy there and they still dating
ATM started a Tesla fan club for furries called "Musky Huskies"
ATM's sweat can be used in testosterone replacement therapy
ATM remixed a Diana Ross song and accidentally created an entire internet subculture.
Atm has a versatile butt
ATM patented a reverse chastity cage
atm always mentions his black girlfriend's race whenever he talks about his black girlfriend
atm breaks into suburban white people's homes and seasons their chicken and replaces their red meat with vegetables
atm spent all the good boy points he got from his wife on a couples spa day for her and her tennis coach who's just a friend
hitler's soul keeps getting reincarnated into atm's ass and he has to fart and shit hitler out otherwise he'll turn atm's ass into an ass-ocaust
ATM just pooped
ATM is opening a bakery called "I'm atm I make the thick goo all hot and fluffy please eat here"
ATM died in your arms tonight, must have been something you said.
ATM has bad taste.
ATM only sits in the "Rosa Parks" seat on the bus.
its illegal to drown atm on Tuesdays
atm finds incredibly cursed porn and tags people he hates in it
ATM makes his waifu his entire personality.
atm cusses at his mom
atm wonders why his dad never comes up in facts
Atm's life is a Jesus allegory
atm's hard drive is full of art of anime girls eating burgers
ATM burned down Japari Park and used that land to build overpriced condos.
Atm gets way too close to people when he talks
Atm aggressively maintains eye contact
Atm moved his hands around a lot when talking
Atm wishes he was a kid again, a time before long-term shoe-wearing permanently made toes have those tough-ish ridges
Atm once ran over 5 pedestrians thinking the floaters in his eyes were part of an elaborate enemy attack
When ATM becomes a vtuber, he's thinking of covering King by Kanaria, what an original idea!
atm prefers to buy porn from a physical store because he likes making eye contact with the guy that sells porn
Using the convention of chicken kiev, ATM invented chicken Ohio
atm hugs his friends too tight
atm is chinese
atm delivers
atm makes me hungry
Atm strikes up conversations with the people in porn theaters
atm finna punch a chicken! Poggers!!
ATM auditioned for the role of Bane but he ended up actually crashing the plane.
Atm can't go to his local bank after he drew parantheses around the nameplates of several employees
atm is really mad the the Washington, DC ward redistricting is putting Navy Yard in ward 8
atm brought his nightmare box to the sleepover and merth tripped and knocked it over and it opened and spilled nightmares all over, have fun tonight!
atm owns a bakery in Brooklyn called "Yeastie Boys"
"wow man, you got a ton of meat" -atm, first and last time judging a bodybuilding competition
atm realized that he had horses and cows backwards when he was 23
atm and his consequences have been devastating for the human race
atm electrocuted Ryon using a defective Prius battery in an attempt to swap his ego with his id, atm is unsure of the success in those few seconds but at least he has lunch for the next month!
atm is making a spreadsheet of everyone's favorite cryptid because he's gonna make his friends fight their heroes to the death for entertainment
atm ranked the members of the server and won't tell anyone what its for
14% of atm's personality is incomprehensible 80s references
atm's magical girl transformation form is just Angela Merkel with fairy wings
ATM’s mom brought him to planned parenthood when he was 5 and they actually almost did it
Atm hit mothman with his car in 1996
Atm thinks Ryon is a cryptid and hasn’t heard a compelling argument against yet
Atm threw a chicken at Socrates
ATM likes his women like how he likes his Cryptids, very real and well hidden.
atm's headcannon fires a 10 pound shot and is quite effective against most wooden ships
Atm ships his friends together and uses his wizard powers to make the ships real so if you’re still single guess what atm doesn’t consider you to be?
atm lives in a small village and goes to school with a handful of other kids of different grades and they all learn in the same classroom
Atm knows what happens when you die
Uwu, atm just spent the night and it’s the next morning and all he’s wearing is your button down shirt (he’s considerably larger than you, his junk is hanging out the bottom and he ripped it, this isn’t cute)
ATM is a proud juggalo.
atm loves us all *begins cult chant*
A wild ATM can be found lurking in the local cranberry bog with his sidekick the loch ness monster
ATM beat his ex-wife to a pulp! (She was a literal orange).
ATM goes to wine tastings to pick up lonely housewives so they can clean his room.
atm makes his own peanut butter by stomping peanuts in large basin
atm's first wet dream was about Queen Victoria
atm has a really wet mouth
ATM witnessed Jehova busting a fat nut
atm thinks about the friend zone a lot
Contrary to popular belief, ATM created white people, not Yakub.
ATM painted a well meaning but ultimately unappreciated mural for the Iranian embassy featuring their favorite prophet
Atm thinks that spelling bees are wizards that produce honey
atm's tapeworm quit
atm is a four letter word
atm hated NFTs until his favorite vtuber started making them
Atm enjoyed the movie Sausage Party and is thoroughly enjoying the HBO series Santa. Inc.
atm once bit a vampire and turned him human
atm hangs out at the beach
atm saw hung Alf at The Beach (local gay bar)
ATM and Alf went to a pet store after hours.
atm is insufferable (European)
atm no longer has to wonder if he could kill a man if he really needed to
atm wrote Jay-Z's verse on Monster
*atm after running merth over with a steamroller* "Tsuchinoko"
atm straight-piped his digestive track to really go braaaaaaaaaap
atm really wants to help his friends with their issues but at this point the only thing he can think of is just to kill them, like a horse with a broken leg
ATM hates it when Americans fall sweet potatoes "yams"
ATM likes to call common vegetables by some weird overseas dialect instead because it confuses white people.
ATM is part of the nightshade family.
ATM can twerk to the Tetris theme.
atm completely makes up things that sound right when people ask questions
ATM thinks Tom Holland should play Miles Morales.
atm thinks Disney should make an animated movie about Malcolm X and have Chris Pratt voice Malcolm X
Okay, This Is Epic: His Lordship Barack Obama Just Signed ATM's Death Warrant!
ATM scries the dogshit at local parks in order to get an early jump on future cryptocurriences and nft's.
In some circles ATM is known as "the tissue guzzler".
ATM has a tetromino in his asshole, you'll never guess which one!
Atm thinks the world would be a better place with more kinkshaming
ATM doesn't do domestic violence, he prefers imported.
ATM has never touched grass(he lives in Antarctica)
Atm hangs out in the visitor areas of womens prisons to try and find a girlfriend
atm wishes he lived in Taisho-era Japan and be like Demon Slayer and kiss the boar guy
atm has a communication disorder but he's not hot enough for people to care
ATM wishes he lived in the Taisho era so he and his friends from a world travelling theater revue can use magic and operate steam powered mechs.
atm is a blown out turkey pot pie
atm is on a hunger strike at his local McDonald's until they bring back the chicken select strips.
In some circles, ATM is known as "The Shakira of the Mid-west."
ATM was invited to a fashion show hosted by the dad from Sister Sister and the second Aunt Viv from Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
i own all of your properties
There is something large and blurry that lives in atm's closet, it hurts his eyes to try and look at it and fills him with overwhelming fear the closer he gets to fully perceiving it, he's never seen it, he's overcome before it comes into focus. What is it and why does it live in his closet? What will become of him if he ever looks upon its face?
atm chooses to celebrate Happy Honda Days instead of Toyotathon.
Atm's feet are... disgusting.
@ℒℯ 『atm』 sits for 2 hours in the final fantasy 14 log in queue nd says "wow this gameplay is so good"
Atm wants to be on Santa's naughty list... SO BAD...
Instead of speaking in tongues when he is touched by the Lord, ATM quotes his favorite anime in Japanese. His fellow midwest churchgoers cannot tell the difference.
atm smokes his own meat at home with his very own mouth and a carton of cowboy killers
For atm, every summer is the summer of 69
Atm developed a system of body cameras and an indicator that does nothing but alert him of when someone is looking at him and in what direction, so that he may turn and look back at them in a way that creeps everyone out horribly
atm can transmit his thoughts telepathically, but he has yet to meet anyone who can receive them
atm has a large collection of "body cameras", all of which he has stolen during his colonoscopies
atm has 40,000 unread emails in his inbox
atm wants a farmboy bf
When atm's farmboy bf was asked to sow his seed, this wasn't what he had in mind
ATM asked his farmboy BF to start plowing, but his boyfriend took it too literally
when atm sees other drivers on the road, he assumes they're on the way somewhere to pet dogs
atm likes to flail his arms around in large crowds in order to socially distance and assert dominance
Atm loves making Mariah Carey jokes every Christmas he's got a notebook full of them he reads out loud starting December 1st
atm took a shower and got arrested for it in the Menard's parking lot
Atm hates Debussy because he's a "moon stan"
atm hates de bussy because he's a hetslut
atm thinks listening to electronic music will help him communicate better with his refrigerator and other appliances.
atm's sweat smells like cinnamon and clove. He is called the human kretek.
ATM really misunderstood what "Jerk Chicken" was
ATM? Yeah hes cringe -your dad
"Unlike Quentin Tarantino, ATM *does* have a storage unit for [inaudible]" - Mike Myers
atm was found squatting inside the giant boot outside the LL Bean store in Freeport, ME.
modern atm is also a graveyard, but for different reasons || 🧛 ||
ATM hid it on the dark side of the moon
atm is trying to become the biggest weeb possible so he can challenge Jhonty to a weeb-off on the Plane of Perpetual Virginity and claim his rightful place as "King of Unfuckable NEETs"
Atm wishes people would lay off hitler, it’s been almost 80 years
Atm cried when he heard the news that Bin Laden had been killed (they were friends)
Atm doesn’t clean his room
atm played a prank on falafels by drowning him in a fjord
Atm is dating Alf, Alf is the top obviously
ATM’s favorite cryptid is happiness
atm does stand up comedy in delivery rooms to distract the mothers from the humans they're pushing out their vaginas
Atm lives a bleak existence
Atm is really into British politics
You are what you eat which is why atm looks like Alf’s ass
ATM is a dumb twink that has a weird alchemy lab in the middle of a snowy mountain.
atm went to the 🅱️entist
When asked about his least favorite body part, ATM answered "Knee. Gross." The NAACP just sighed and left it as be.
atm only makes aheago faces whenever he has to get his driver license or school ID updated
atm's family photo has them all doing ahegao faces
atm is only interested in a catboy bf if he licks himself clean like a real cat
ATM just "coomed" (2021-12-06 21:21 CST)
ATM thinks a black hole is a jazz mosh pit
ATM thinks South Korea is a shithole judging from all the popular movies and shows.
atm throws a boomerang at the bussy cuz it alwys cums back
atm's favorite manga is Gal Cleaning
ATM knows deep Tom and Jerry lore.
atm played Puck in his high school's rendition of the 1980 Winter Olympics hockey match between team USA and the USSR team
atm thinks you have to be italian to speak sign language
atm was responsible for hiring Hans Zimmer to do the score for Cool Runnings
ATM dresses normally for his Harajuku fashion shoots.
atm is that guy who replies to every post in a long 4chan thread with individual reactions to each post and a shitty image from his "reaction images" folder.
atm thought "biathlon" was about not being able to do math or drive a car 🤪 not skiing and shooting, oops #JustBiThings 🤪 🤪
atm celebrates Pearl Harbor Day
ATM rolls a d100  everyday to see what minority group he's gonna be mean to.
ATM got really angry when he saw Hindu items in a Muslim neighborhood.
atm's wedding dress is gonna be black because he is a goth queen
ATM is a hypervirgin
ATM's wedding dress is gonna be black because that's how tarnished his innocence is
atm thinks that some more news is the funniest channel on youtube
Sorry ladies, ATM is taken 😎, taken to federal prison for tax evasion.
ATM fought a lobster for 3 days and 2 nights while visiting an empty field in Boston
atm prefers to describe his weird anti-social personality as "tsundere"
atm gets uncontrollably horny during the full moon
atm's first kiss was to convince a stranger on Omegle that he and the person he was with were a couple
atm lies about being handicapped so he participate in wheelchair basketball leagues and dunk on them
Atm threw up the last time he saw a woman
ATM cries everyday because he misses 3D doritos
atm preserved his deceased goldfish in a purple hugs barrell
Atm genuinely loves the taste of ranch
Atm still hasn't completed his 2014 Easter egg hunt
this fact is false
*atm's entire family gets massacred by space nazis* || atm: screafers geashe, that's a major yike!!
Atm is extinct in the wild
Atm hasn't bathed in 37 years
ATM made his fortune using his pale skin as the film they exposed on to for all movies up until 2007
atm put his feelings in a cage but they broke out and are burning the downtown
atm did a backflip off the golden gate bridge only to be isekai'ed into Oakland
It spreads easily and tastes like the real deal! You won't believe it's not ATM
atm barging into the Klan meeting, "Hey save a little racism for the rest of us!"
When atm's dishwasher was done he gave her 10 minutes of free time before it was back to the tradwife cell
atm's youtuber username: Depressed femboy{{quiet,4’6,gay,thicc thighs}}
atm is a top source for Alex Jones and infowars
ATM says "You Will Never Be A Woman" to trans-men
atm thinks matte paintjobs are lackluster
Atm thinks paintjobs are neat until you have to get paint thinner on your dick to clean it off
ATM prefers Delta 8.
ATM: "shark fin soup? ugh, that dumb shit the chinese eat to make their dicks harder? smh, simply smh" \*slurps hog semen*
Arm once served me pan fried chicken he told me was coated with vtuber toenail flour
ATM's Tesla runs on Windows 98
ATM in the morning upon waking: "I'm alive!. You know what that means? Time to masturbate."
atm has an anime profile pic and a lot of opinions on minorities
atm treats sex as a race to see who can be done first, that is whenever he gets the chance to have it!
atm is a selfish lover
atm is a shellfish lover
that's why he fucks alone, atm i mean
atm has won every battle, but he still lost the war
ATM started to learn japanese but stopped when he got to katakana
ATM stopped being racist after seeing Mirko from My Hero Academia.
atm finally saved up enough Good Boy Points over 3 years that he can sleep in the same room as his wife for one night! (not on the bed though, her tennis coach is spending the night again)
atm has been a naughty little boy this year, he's gonna need Santa to stuff his stocking (ass) with coal (dick)
ATM always calls his employer's compliance hotline to make sure he's good.
atm has a big wet butt
atm only dates blind people for obvious reasons
atm saves his dandruff for spaghetti night at his house!
atm's 7th birthday party had a cocaine bar and an alcoholic clown that had PTSD from the Vietnam War
atm's favorite kind of pizza is the pizza bagel
ATM has a piss fetish
ATM farted so hard in the great state of Texas that the ripple effect caused a great political schism flipping the state libertarian
atm is busy minting monkey jpegs right now
ATM couldn't handle my strongest potions
ATM thinks breast milk and cum are the same thing
when atm says he likes boomer shooters, he means he loves drinking washer fluid from a shot glass
atm got rid of his desk chair and sits on a yoga ball now and is super preachy about, he won't stop talking about his pelvic floor
atm is an emo boy living in an emo world
atm digs holes in random well traveled places so people trip and break their ankles
atm is switching his entire brain to the blockchain
atm wrote an article titled "The Woke Case For Legalizing Slavery" for The Atlantic. He got paid $10,000 for it
atm has the worst idea imaginable and he's about to get it printed in the Wall Street Journal
atm has a degree in economics
atm applies for every open position in Amy Klobuchar's office because he really wants her to abuse him and make him shave her legs
atm is still mad about Loving v Virginia
atm has that weird small child smell
atm got in trouble once as a kid for peeing down the slide after another kid had just gone down
atm's behavior has been really problematic and toxic lately but instead of confronting him about it, his friends just talk about him behind his back
ATM thinks the hit B-52's song "Private Idaho" is a Dune reference.
atm uses the hot tub at the YMCA for more than 30 minutes without taking a break to cool off
atm is a bad influence on pacemakers
if you pull atm's finger, he'll violently shit himself and start crying
atm had a psychotic break when he learned that Big Bird was just a costume and not a large, yellow, talking bird
ATM kidnapped Frank Sinatra Jr.
"One virginity gone? Don't worry, you still have six left!" - Youth pastor ATM comforting purity ball dropouts
atm just walked into the Golden Corral wearing a shirt that just says "meat slut", what does it mean?
ATM’s dog gets way too into strangers’ crotches
atm's presidential platform includes common sense eugenics laws
atm drunkenly stumbling down the sidewalk on xmas eve: "We out here....drinking nog! No not that!"
atm's sex background music of choice is slow ride by foghat but just on repeat
At the end of a long day of being neet, ATM crawls up the stairs to eat with little dignity.
atm has recurring dreams where he is in the household of a family of dragons that treat him like a pet and he just wants them to rub his belly
atm is a professional sophist
ATM is a canned ham product eaten by Hawaiians
atm calls his dentist "daddy"
atm goes "AWOOGA" everytime a pretty girl walks by
ATM does art for food trucks.
ATM has a list of slurs dedicated solely to dark elves.
ATM is our oshi.
Atm showers while fully clothed
ATM opened a mexican bakery called "Papi Churro"
If you see ATM selling vacuums on Craiglist that's just code for a BJ
atm wants to live in the future where you can bang robots, not in the one where Judge Dredd is real
atm's little boy gas tank is empty, time to go fill it up at the truck stop at exit 231 off I-35 in Oklahoma <:yiffme:298199829354512389>
ATM is more commonly known as all the spiders
ATM "isn't" a murderer
atm knows where the bodies are buried
atm will not let the bodies hit the floor
reminder that @ℒℯ 『atm』 insists that he is unable to find even one crime Stalin committed
atm tried to get into racing science until he started learning about acceleration and apexes, and not phrenology
On this day ten years ago, atm fucking died lol
ATM is one of those super buff dudes that does ballet.
ATM is a maniac on the floor.
ATM stole all our whimsy.
atm injected the whimsy he stole into a homeless guy to make the ultimate clown
atm turns his greatest fears into ridiculous facts about a random person to make them less real. So why does he still wake up covered in scratches?
ATM used to go by "Chico Debarge"
atm fell in love with his rental girlfriend. Cringe.
atm masturbates into merth's air fryer every night
atm has to take a dump "Belfast-style" (explosively and in a trashcan)
ATM uses his stand mixer sexually (dangerous)
ATM was the planner for all the IRA attacks that ended up harming children, kinda sus ngl
when atm is in an argument he does some pretty salacious things to the goal posts
When atm is having a dispute with someone his mouth gets wider and wider until they stop speaking
atm can warg into Jher's ferrets
ATM, also known as the dumb bitch who is a fucking moron, just got a question wrong on his exam! LOL!!!
ATM regularly posts penis progress reports to see if his jelqing increases his length
Atm wants a wife like his chicken breasts, boneless and skinless (he wants to marry a slime)
atm's basement doubles as a medieval torture dungeon / bdsm escape room
Atm wishes the hilichurls in Genshin hung dong
Atm made a fan version of Frozen where Elsa says “fuck”
Atm is getting really into maids lately and it’s making the left nervous
atm is a national tragedy
atm won't stop describing himself as "the Goku of jackin' off"
ATM overdosed on Spice and won't stop having dreams of Connor violently murdering him.
ATM sold his soul to the devil for a holographic Charizard pokemon card in 1999.
Atm minted his soul as an NFT
ATM belongs to a sect who worship farts as messages from the Buddha, biannually he secludes himself at their monastery to ponder the wind of himself and others
atm thinks the stripper is genuinely interested in him and he's right
atm never mistypes
Atm just confessed his feelings to someone from his local Discord that he’s had a crush on for a long time <:RyukoFlushed:829358046291296276> let’s hope it goes well for him!
ATM has been participating in Sonic The Hedgehog discourse for 20 years and is showing no signs of stopping.
atm never denies himself the Pleasures of the Flesh
atm once attended one of those shows where the lady doesn't stop after stripping all of her clothes but keeps going and takes off her skin, her meat and innards, until finally nothing but her skeleton remains
Every year, atm visits a jellyfish swarm and gets stung on purpose so that girls pee on him
atm is tired of the labcoat people
atm misses Blockbuster
atm's asshole fell off
"This mayo is very spicy" - ATM trying to seduce you.
ATM is deerpilled from a suicide-pact related incident with Joe Rogan
ATM stands for AnTiseMite
atm does a LOT of crack
ATM wanted an easy job where he can do nothing do he became a defense lawyer in Japan.
atm is Viacom's most profitable IP
atm has a pick up line specific for each member of this server in case he wants to bang them
atm carbon dates all his dates before the first date at the Daytona Date Grove
atm Vulcan mind melded with Jhonty to erase that memory of the Canadian who broke his heart so he'll hate women and twinks less
ATM lost his title of "Throat Goat" to Nancy Reagan.
atm can turn into a tornado
atm's head is full of banana runts candy instead of a human brain
atm holds the world record for longest consecutive uninterrupted log roll down an incline at 3.7 miles
Atm describes the plot of the last hentai he watched during family dinner time
ATM’s family didn’t let him into the tornado shelter
Atm has a long lost brother that the police just found at the bottom of a river and identified using dental records
Atm did a fan remake of Train to Busan on SEPTA
Atm is the face of anal leakage
Atm sprained his wrist while jerking off for the 7th time today
atm is undulating with desire for a very specific version of onion rings that he cannot describe with the english language
Atm drives a “pedo van” (the exhaust routes into the back to gas the pedophiles he captures)
atm enjoys the sound of people eating
atm has an asmr channel where he inserts a scream in every video at a random time.
atm is adamant that he's attracted to the human part of a centaur and not the part you actually bang despite what you may find in his porn folder
Atm is majestic
atm keeps track of when you don't like his tweets
atm has racial preferences in dating
atm is still mad about the Mexican-American War
atm uses his manna crystal to turn into a significantly more bangable form
ATM owns a leather onesie
ATM invented a new style of Kung Fu called "Cum dragon style"
In some circles, ATM is known as "The Napoleon of bong rips"
Atm has never been to Prague
*schlorp squish* “oh yeah” *splort plbplbplbplb* “mmmmmhm” *squick sklork slop* “finally!” -atm, cleaning his belly button
*atm running towards a socket holding a fork* “Time to meet god motherfuckers!”
atm hates the Transformers franchise solely because it tried to make mid to late 2000s American cars look cool
Atm's a stupid moron with an ugly face and a big butt and his butt smells and he likes to kiss his own butt
Atm u r fuckin perfect m8.  ||  || you're a flower. you're also a rainbow and a river. you are the manifestation of all perfection and i want to i don't fucking know. i want this to not sound gay, but you are fucking perfect, atm
ATM was Nancy Reagan’s throat coach
"ATM? Ya mean Shit'n'piss Johnson?" - ATM's neighbor
atm likes his men like he likes his women, into him. Seriously, he's so lonely and will take anyone as long as they love him or at least pretend to
Atm insists on being called “mommy’s special boy”
atm orders his hotdogs "Nancy Reagan style" which is just sliding 30 of them down your throat in quick succession
ATM likes his chicken skinless and boneless, just like himself!
atm isn't allowed to use the grill until he beats his dad in unarmed combat
ATM is 1/1024th morroccan
atm is 1023/1024th gay
with atms 1024 ancestries
the M in atm stands for Morocco
atm is a notorious kink shamer
atm wears a chastity belt with a rubiks cube as a lock
Dead deer says what? ATM: What?
"yeah buddy, I'm a big thot, just blew every guy at a truck stop" -atm, rapping
ATM is asleep, please be quiet.
atm fishes with a cane pole to be more like anime
Atm puts the “cute” in “atm just electrocuted merth again”
ATM stepped in dog shit and tracked it into the house. So he got the belt.
Atm has an incredible butthole
ATM is a dandy on the streets but a pauper in the sheets
ATM is the world's largest manufacturer of cortisol
ATM writes creepypastas inspired by the mundane life of the American Mid-west
ATM made Connor wear a blonde wig and a Santa outfit and told him to spin in place.
ATM places bets on fights between the local homeless population.
ATM delivered $400 of child-size belts to his ex-wife, the judge is confused
atm left me because he's mixed up with communists-- ashamed to let me know it
ATM burned down his elementary school because he didn't want to drink bagged milk
Did you know? According to ATM, bagged milk actually comes from deer boobies!
atm escapes definition
when atm loses at smash he calls his oponent out for using cheap moves and op characters; atm only ever plays fair and uses only his favorite characters
atm only plays starcraft with cheese banned; cheese is any strat that atm loses to
ATM was the Time Person of the Year in 1935.
atm's screensaver is lemon party
Every single vtuber fapfic on veetee is written by atm
ATM is currently crimping (dance move like a sir)
ATM really really likes The George Lopez Show.
atm (as kishibe rohan) used his power on epstein to turn him into a foot fetishist. unfortunately, atm is dyslexic
atm shot himself in the foot so he could leave Afghanistan early
atm defines himself by his substance abuse
atm thought "Uncut Gems" was a movie about how hard it is to find an uncircumcised boyfriend
atm is the chupacabra of the ozarks where instead of sucking livestock's blood he sucks their....
atm vomited in an Olive Garden
atm drank so much absinthe that he figured out where jimmy hoffa was buried. He forgot when he woke up the next day
Atm animated the scene where Moses split the Red Sea with a beyblade
@ℒℯ 『atm』 gave me a stroke last night
atm was a model for several viagra commercials and adverts
Atm is a weapon to surpass metal gear
atm's most frequently used emoji is <:cum:725057488285728866>
Atm has a twist ending
ATM kissed a girl and he didn't like it
Atm was trampled by a herd of goats everyday after school for a month
Atm will never forgive the French for what they did to the English language
Atm unleavened snurple’s bread
Atm thinks shovelware is when you dress up like a sexy grave digger with just a shovel covering your wiener
Atm is somehow a top 50 NBA draft pick this year
When ATM showed up for his first personal training sesh and was told they were going to "train bi's", ATM got inappropriately excited
atm likes to lick sandpaper and chew on emory boards
Atm is stored in one ball
ATM has a diuretic addiction because he wants to have as little pee as possible stored in his body
pee is stored in atm
atm zooms in on random places in China in google maps and screenshots it then uses them for articles about how China is doing something completely made up in British media
ATM is a back alley doctor who reverses circumcisions with cheap leather.
ATM is a lot of terrible things but at least he's not British.
ATM vets his dates with Homestar Runner quotes.
Atm dates his vets with good morning Vietnam quotes
atm is the world's tallest elf
Atm takes pictures of people minding their own business and posts them online to make fun of them
Girl: "ATM, I... I think I like you." || ATM: "Oh, you like me? Name your top 100 ATM facts."
atm owns nine M1 Garand rifles
ATM is a deervert, social interactions make him think about deer
atm has a list ranking the members of this server on how easily he could beat them in a fight, you won't believe number 6!
ATM hires day workers to be his virginity coach
atm doesn't think Korea is real
atm is passionate about his MBTI and won't shut the fuck up about it
atm wishes you'd be nicer to him
atm has binoculars next to his window, the only thing you can see through that window is the kitten room at the animal shelter next door
atm is a house husband in his gay relationship with Alf
atm comes to DC every spring to be an obnoxious and weird weeb during Cherry Blossom
atm never got his cootie vaccine
ATM stepped on a belt and punctured his foot
atm has written an individual love song for every member of this server
atm fries all his meals in lard
atm made a bacon mummy of his thanksgiving turkey to seal in the juices
atm has a full back tattoo depicting the last supper
atm got a 409 on the SAT
ATM just had a cheesy blowout! Just another Monday for him.
Atm has been baptized 17 times
atm took the term "baptism by fire" literally and is now covered with 2nd degree burns. He is now covered with scars from skin grafts from his butt cheeks.
atm squandered his youth and regrets it terribly everyday
ATM prefers oyster crackers in his soup
Atm spends a lot of money on toilet paper for just one person
atm got isekai'd to another world and managed to convince the idiots there that his anime figurine was a god
Every day at 3pm, atm announces to the server that it's Dick Sucking Time
atm cannot hear out of his left ear after getting a mini marshmallow stuck in there at the age of 13
atm goes into fast food drive thrus to try to convert people to practice abstinence
ATM tastes a bit game(r)y
ATM has a "wangy"
ATM would flash illegal immigrants red cards ala soccer referees then report them to ICE.
ATM has such powerful and reliable farts that he can get hired as a fog horn to guide ships through foggy weather.
ATM gets Sakamata Chloe and Cedric the Entertainer mixed up all the time.
ATM gets Tokino Sora and the Goblin King of the Darkstorm Galaxy mixed up all the time.
atm has a calendar to keep track of his favorite vtuber's menstrual cycles
atm got a magical pair of gloves called "The Goblin Screavers", They have really soft palms for some reason
oh no! As head of the anime club, atm challenged the entire football team that if he could jerk them all off in 30 minutes or less, they'd have to watch anime with the anime club for a month! But what atm doesn't know is that the entire defensive line is on SSRIs! Can he do it??? Find out next volume of ATM's Wonderful Sex Adventures!
atm has a tramp stamp tattoo of the letters "MRE" and an arrow pointing downward
One of ATM's aliases is "all day"
ATM on Day 16 of Dick Destruction December: "Oh yeah, good thing I left these tabs open from last night (3 hours ago).
atm interacts with Discord solely via fax machine
*atm taking a shit in his ex-boyfriend's beloved fax machine* "damn, this really is a dues ex machina!"
ATM loves to convict the innocent
Atm can shit himself in 18 languages
ATM invented getting murdered
atm crosses picket lines because "theres no ethical consumption under capitalism so why should I ever change my behavior?" He thinks he's the smartest person alive.
atm likes to get stung by sea urchins so he has a reason for people to piss on him
atm's opinions on Israel managed to offend everyone, especially Hindus
atm made a catboy! Like an actual cat, his penis is barbed
atm is on the FBI watch list for sneaking instructions on how to make a bomb out of your insta-pot into popular cookbooks and youtube videos
In a duel, ATM's weapon of choice are chopsticks
atm misses fruitopia
atm taught Johnny Appleseed how to smoke weed out of an apple
Antietam was the bloodiest battle of the Civil War only because it was ATM's time of the month and he was having a heavy flow
atm is demigods
ATM has one of those dont tread on me bumper stickers but it says "step on me uwu"
ATM ate an entire sheet of acid and disappeared into the woods
ATM shits in all the cat boxes in merth's basement
ATM made a fort out of all merth's empty amazon boxes until Doug evicted him
atm will sell you exclusive merch if you show up at his house unannounced
ATM wants to poop back and forth forever with jher
ATM is always behind you, but you can never turn around fast enough to see him
atm scrinna blave like a sir!
when atm landed at the hawaii airport they refused to give him a lei when asked if he was gonna get lei'ed.
THOU'LL!!!! So I put "ATM" as my name in Starbucks and the barista yelled 'A DUMB BITCH?!?' And I said 'Umm YASSSS!!! TIS MY' And then everyone around me started to sing "BATTLE HYMN OF THE REPUBLIC KKK OST NIGHTCORE REMIX". Omfqq im crying 😭😭
atm do be milkin' his creature tho
his visage induces terror; his voice drives men insane; his body is everburning, allconsuming, and unending
ATM hacked Putin's twitter bio to say he/him
ATM plans to genocide most people in his age bracket so he can be sure he can collect his social security benefits when he's older.
atm donates heavily to the Democratic Party
ATM advertises his late night taxi services for people not sober enough to drive with the slogan: "You drink....I...drive".
atm's skin has the texture of old used band-aids
atm doesn't phone kiss
atm wears a suede tracksuit everyday
atm facts are the currency of the future
Grandma got run over by a reindeer... ATM's bail is set at $100,000 and the police are looking for anyone with information relevant to the case to come forward.
ATM's cock is as thick as a rolling pin
ATM tips in Cuban Pesos(non-convertible).
ATM can't remember if it was Jimmy Hoffa or his 8th ex-wife he buried in Yankee Stadium.
ATM always asks to smell Jhonty's dick when he gets home late
atm has never known any mortal who can even be compassionate with him enough to deal with his complex self
ATM defeated Goro
atm only uses full-colons
ATM is above everyone, he's 40,000 feet flying in the sky.
atm has 40,000 feet
Atm climbed Mount everest so that everyone on earth would be below his dick
Atm puts the homo in homeowner
ATM is a big name is the Hasidic Jew Acid-head scene
atm squats over a corn stalk in early summer so that it will grow up his ass, he hopes the adage "knee high by fourth of july" is true
ATM is a country boy, and country boys make do
atm got so trashed at his local applebees that they lost their permit to serve alcohol
atm's got a boner and he is talking low, what are you going to do?
*ATM smells the mcnuggees on your breath and starts to salivate while licking his lips suggestively*
Atm goes to the gym to walk on the treadmill and “check out the flesh”
ATM pronounces hyperbole "hyper bowl"
ATM thinks you're a pussy
"the worst part of dressing up for work is putting on that damn armband" - atm, 1938
Atm is proud to tell everyone he's a member of mensa
ATM owns 107 kinds of mustard.
atm thinks MENSA stands for Mean Enbies Negging Stupid Assholes
atm sandpapers his dick to decrease sensitivity so he lasts longer than 5 seconds
atm thinks people actually want to know his opinions on things when the reality is people just scroll past his thoughts
atm sells "sertafyde vtuber pee" in the alley behind his mom's hair salon (it's the garbage juice from the can that doubles as a public toilet for drunks heading home from the club and the homeless)
atm's plan if he ever wins the lottery is to make all the members of this server fight each other to see who gets their student loans paid off
atm likes his music like he likes his general mental state, Disturbed
atm is a broke smart creepy weird moron
atm Naruto ran straight into a wall and got a concussion
atm wants to be soft-dommed by Kamala Harris
atm listed his contributions to the Hetalia wiki when applying for a job at the State Department
Atm cannot be described with solely real numbers
atm is my shepherd. I shall not want
It is the lord's day. How will you worship ATM today?
atm is the shepherd of light
atm is the lord of the morning
atm will confront the shadow during the last battle and his blood on the rocks of shayol ghul will be our salvation
atm's life mantra: "Don't waste water, drink your own piss".
ATM is a well known super food
atm bikes to work and likes kicking in peoples side mirrors at red lights just to be spiteful
when asked about the members of his discord server, ATM referred to them all as "very fine people".
ATM was eaten by a bunyip
ATM is a young earth creationist
atm can actually speak but he refuses to because humans would put him to work if they knew
ATM doesn't know where vinegar comes from
atm has a lot of love for the mentally ill
No one ever talks about the 4th Wiseman ATM and his gift (furigana: package)
atm wanders around hoboken at 3 am trying to mug people hoping they drop keys to a boat so he can go squat on ellis island
atm, insecure about his male pattern baldness, tries to scalp anyone with a full healthy mane
ATM has several full cum jars stored in his panic room and fall out shelter
the black hole kept sucking but atm kept nuttin and these were the pre-conditions for complex life to be formed on Earth
atm makes bread in the microwave
Santa is powered by money and so is atm
atm is a silly billy
atm is blocked by Obama on Twitter
atm charges $10 to give a professional rating for one's cock
atm has a mirror on his ceiling for obvious reasons
Corduroy clothing sends ATM into a violent rage
Atm sowing: “haha this rocks!” ||  || Atm reaping: “haha this also rocks!” ||  || Atm is a farmer
ATM likes to make a sandwich out of two york peppermint patties and a whole tube of colgate
Atm runs the snack table at local orgies
Atm is the real reason manhole covers keep exploding in Washington DC
"The stakes have never been higher!" shouts atm at the barbecue as he servers his unaware guests THC-infused ribeyes
Atm has an anime profile picture and some incredible opinions on race
atm has a goatse phone case
atm gets excited to watch the news every evening
inside you there are 2 atms, no wait 3, now 4, 5? 6?? 7??? oh god there are so many atms inside you!
atm is so broke a moth actually flies out of his wallet when he opens it
Atm dates old people
ATM takes blood pressure medication only because it makes him pee constantly.
atm will only drink out of pewter goblets
atm believes his boogers contain advanced nootopic properties
ATM’s saliva has anesthetic properties for some creepy reason
lickitung is atm's spirit pokemon
atm has a giant hamster wheel in his basement that he used for exercise during the pandemic
Atm wants to get your sister pregnant
like the pharaohs of old, atm wants to be buried with his anime figurines
Baltimore's bus drivers really wish atm would start looking before stepping into the street
atm falls asleep just like everyone else, screaming as the chaotic void of his unconscious swallows him
ATM eats potato chips for breakfast everyday
ATM is a maiden of the spear
atm is a pickle salesman
atm like: "Gotta keep 'em separated" (blacks and whites)
"It's not like horses can meaningfully consent anyway, so what's the point in asking?" - ATM
ATM saw the Penis Ghost.
atm wants a sandwich
ATM was once crying on the ground in the fetal position because Merth was aggressively throwing chocolate-chip cookies at him
ATM starred in Kung Pow! Enter the Fist
A fist entered ATM. Kung Pow!
"I should of learned Kung Fu instead of ethics."- ATM
theres a light switch in atm's basement that controls the bathroom fan in a house 2 miles across town for some reason
it is such a prolific truck stop thot that he's known to the USDOT
atm has a fancy talking toilet, its not high tech or anything, he just does a lot of drugs
Missouri state legislature put a specific carve out in their abortion ban bill that would allow abortions if atm is the father because "the world can't handle another one of those"
atm was voted "most likely to bring about the Rapture" in his high school yearbook
Jill Stein is ATM's weed dealer.
atm is easily influenced by the media he consumes
atm's asshole is insured by Lloyds of London
atm epoxy'ed his ball to his taint so he can never pinch and roll his sack again
atm dropped his pants and held the mistletoe above his penis, with a meaningful expression on his face
ATM shot the plumber
ATM goes to ghost parties in the woods.
HEY GUYSSS *gunshot*
atm lost his virginity to a telephone pole
ATM is an anarcho-nutritionist
atm is getting fired just before Christmas
atm trades his foodstamps for baseball cards
atm somehow still gets his SNAP benefits in food stamps instead of EBT
"Gimme dat government cheese!" - atm, in line at the post office, very confused
ATM deepfaked himself at his own wedding.
atm at the open bar: "leave the bottle"
ATM on Ask Jeeves: "How to fix being a homosexual?"
ATM has a poster of Orlando Bloom on his bedroom wall.
ATM is being kidnapped! Help! https://i.redd.it/i6hg3fqwnw681.jpg
ATM likes deer bondage
atm has chronic back pain thanks to his massive anime tiddies
atm got a splinter in his urethra so now he pees out of two holes in his dick
atm only capitalizes the names of people he respects
ATM when the anime girl has breasts: || back pain LOOOOOOOOOOOOL || ATM when the anime girl doesn't have breasts: || FBI open up LOOOOOOOOOOOOL
"Gonna go milk the creature!" -atm, excusing himself from family dinner so he can jerk off
atm is let out of the cage for 3 minutes every year
atm owns the world's largest kangaroo breeding facility
atm's canon height is 2'10
ATM's first words were "kill whitey"
"We're here for a good time, not a sane time." - ATM
Blue pill... red pill.... the one ATM took was never meant to be swallowed
atm emails people's wives
ATM's new erotic documentary *Why Joe Biden is basically Ayn Rand* just hit VHS
Atm had a travel agency that specialized in trips to some random ass island that rich people really wanted to go to for some reason up until 2019 when business suddenly died. Coincidentally the FBI had started asking Atm questions around that time.
ATM is ever the entrepreneur
atm: "I can't get laid in this town without these pointy fucking shoes!"
Atm is full of nightmares
ATM always keep hot sauce in his purse
atm's motto is "die young, leave a pretty corpse, and your own corpse next to it"
ATM won the international Ruth Bader Ginsburg award for the 10th year in a row
ATM sending a selfie to his family: "This pic goes hard, feel free to screenshot"
atm is the original author of the louise copypasta
ATM used to post on 2ch about some girl named Denko (´・ω・`)
ATM has the minotaur roaming the labyrinth that is his basement so that his virginity remains safe.
ATM has never
ATM cut down the tree in front of Merth's house in a display of dominance
Atm cleans his lunch
ATM writes angsty fanfics of children cartoons.
atm is known as "fast rubber" for the speed and dexterity in which he puts a condom on
ATM is eager for his 40's when he gets to have his first (official) colonoscopy
ATM made a crop circle in the shape of Merth's face and it was blamed on the aliens
atm is extremely sinophonic and brings up problems with China's government whenever a Chinese person is mentioned, despite never bringing up problems with other governments when their citizens are mentioned.
ATM revels in China's blood history and only wishes to continue the tradition
atm commits hate crimes against Koreans to "stick it to those communists chinese [slurs]"
ATM: "Who comforts the comfort women?"
atm really wants to bring the vibe down
ATM's primary care physician moved alleys.
ATM chews very loudly.
Merth jumping onto an unsuspecting atm from high above in the tree: Cannonball!
atm aggressively moderates and maintains Kamala Harris's WikiFeet page
atm engages in whaddaboudism on the reg
atm wears a robe after a shower but never ties it closed
atm likes deifying expectations
ATM likes the push and the pull
ATM is the tide
atm has cheeseburger boobies
ATM uses claymores for home defense when he goes on vacation
If ATM had a harmonica, he'd be ripping that shit
ATM was the first signature on the declaration of indepdence
The customer's empty milk jug was quickly replaced.  || Little did he know, the new one was full of ATM's cum.
ATM loves The Police
ATM wrestled a bear once
ATM eats teeth raw, right out of the mouth
ATM is only allowed to shit once per day
atm thinks vpn stands for virtual private n-word
Atm goes to ikea to stuff spider eggs in the blåhajs
ATM has a George Floyd memorial in Minecraft.
ATM’s cat has a human face
Merry Christmas! Make sure to leave out meth and PBR for atm!
Atm can talk to scorpions
If atm faces into the wind and opens his mouth, he’ll inflate
atm made the world's first set of Living Anal Beads using only spider eggs and silk !
atm can flutter jump like yoshi but tends to shit himself when he does
ATM has a feet only OnlyFans
ATM at the ol' swimming hole: "I wanna see how many tapeworms my body can sustain before shutting down!"
ATM has spent thousands on the Tom and Jerry gacha game.
atm lost his mouth vcard in the back of a 89 volvo 240
atm sued Radiohead (and won) because "not anyone can play guitar", he proved this by attempting to play the guitar in the courtroom which was so discordant it induced labor in any pregnant woman within a 5 mile radius of the court house
atm cums arterial blood
ATM calls dudes with anorexia "twinks"
atm makes sure to have a girlfriend of every cultural identity so he can reboot any culture should the time come
atm has been in 1d100 fights
atm is hella gay
atm is a n[s[le]r]r
atm is an irreplacable existence in my life
i have a love/hate relationship with atm
I have a love/love relationship with atm
ATM has released a series of children's books about Adam, an inquisitive young boy who encounters problems and events children might meet in their daily life. So far he's released over twenty books, including *Adam goes to the dentist*, *Adam starts school*, and *Adam and the jewish question*!
ATM calls buffets and eating contests, "culinary holocausts"
I have an atm/atm relationship with atm
ATM: I sucka da dick
I live in a reality entirely of ATM's creation
atm sculpts custom ice luges for parties.
I have no relationship with ATM
I post a lot about ATM but I don't actually care that much
I have a love/het relationship with ATM
atm can be "rented for the night" for the rate of 10% your gross income
atm smoked pcp as a favor
atm has an iguana skin cloak that he made from his kills
ATM eats sugar gliders for breakfast
i think atm is p cool and not only because of this silly server
ATM beat up a salvation army bell ringer because the sound was upsetting him. (He left the money to be stolen by Toys for tots)
ATM shat on the floor and blamed it in their imaginary dog
atm can peel 30 potatoes a minute
discord developed a feature that lets you report messages directly to atm to be ignored
atm rips the halos off angels for the fun of it
atm rips the sphincters out of goblins for the fun of it
Does anyone else want to spit in @ℒℯ 『atm』's mouth?
Can't believe atm said this
ATM snorts the shavings from scratch off lottery tickets
atm hasnt voted since season 6 of American Idol
"And yet he shits." - Galileo on ATM
The color red infuriates ATM because it is the color of, blood, war, and rage OR because it is a feminine color and he hates women
ATM wants to name his first born son Larry
ATM is a nice guy
"my wiener is no longer floppy" -atm, seeing the love of his life in sexy undergarments
atm wore his sexy underwear to get vaccinated cuz he thought if the doctor wasn't turned on enough the liquid wouldn't have come out
atm is spending his Christmas like a potato, baked and full of cheese
ATM is the barber of coma patients at his local hospital.
atm goes to stores on Christmas and says "wow it really sucks you have to work on Christmas" to the employees
atm tells his boss he heard coworkers he doesn't like talking about unionizing so they get fired
atm stood outside the local children's hospital with a megaphone shouting that Santa isn't real but cancer definitely is
whenever someone makes a lost pet post on his local subreddit, atm comments that OP's pet is probably dead or not going to come back and that they should just adopt a new one from the shelter
On the first day of Christmas atm sent merth a bus collision in Baltimore
ATM fucks ghosts on the reg
ATM replaces any instances of the word "rum" with "cum" in popular Trinidadian songs leading to such classics like "Cum til I die" and "Cum in my veins"
Atm and thurgood marshall started a boiled peanuts company together.
Atm thought doggy style was kissing while eating spaghetti
atm likes his sexual partners like he likes his country clubs, white men only
ATM likes to regularly post his "EDC" to the delight and interest of nobody.
ATM sleeps on a wooden pallet every night
ATM gets nervous around tape guns because he doesn't support the 2nd amendment
ATM likes rice
atm orders his Chipotle like his Grindr profile
atm has a lot of Christmas spirit and is now passed out in his own vomit
atm wishes more of his friends didn't have families so Discord would be busier on holidays
ATM doesn't save his drunk uncle's phone number despite getting calls from him constantly.
atm matched with his landlord on Tinder
ATM's two favorite things about Christmas is listening to Snow Halation and watching A Flintstones Christmas Carol.
atm smugly talks about how he spends holidays watching anime and playing gacha games when his friends complain about their shitty families
ATM has so much fucking leftover food packed in his fridge holy shit.
Atm is really insistent that we have an irl meet up at a remote campsite “in a state forest the he knows really well that he’ll decide on once everyone is already in Missouri”
Atm has a lumpy butt
atm thinks all defense attorneys are bad people because "they protect criminals"
Atm is hard to like but easy to love
atm does Japanese radio calisthenics every morning, the broadcast comes through on his pocket radio somehow in between the numbers station broadcasts
if you start saying random numbers to atm in a monotone voice, he'll go insane because his programming wasn't designed to filter out junk broadcasts (it was 1989, the Soviets were really phoning it in at that point)
atm likes to make broth out of roadkill
“Damn, am I neighborhood in Washington, DC? Cuz I sure am a Foggy Bottom this morning!” -atm, waking up hungover
atm calls the subway "the underground railroad"
Atm is passionate about restoring the Washington, DC neighborhoods of Sursum Corda, Murder Bay and Swampoodle
Atm hires day laborers to be in his nativity scene
atm eats the Christmas tree; ornaments, lights and all at 12:01am on December 26th every year
Atm owns a knife store in his local dying mall
ATM leaves out cookies for Santa but he always eats them before Santa arrives
atm made a "Lovecraft turkey" for Christmas dinner, its a turkey so delicious you can't describe it using words!
atm's uncle made a "Lovecraft rant" at the dinner table
ATM's poop smells remind him of good times at the zoo
Atm always video calls people when he is on the toilet
ATM cumming sounds like a walrus barking
ATM was adopted out of his local library lost and found when he was just 3 days old
atm salivating on the stadium bleachers as he watches the next batch of fresh meat graduate high school
atm's face doesn't match his tits
Atm thinks thigh belts are formal wear and appropriate for Church
atm has an extensive blog where he rates hentai of all mediums
atm is known as 'the iron hymen' in some circles
atm wears body armor to go to Walmart
ATM @ 1AM: "Oh boy time to eat my homemade focaccia on the subway!"
ATM has gamer tummy (diarrhea from energy drink overconsumption)
ATM's first date was an x-ray technician from the local hospital, ATM had left his number form-cut from steel inside his lower intestine
ATM's fecal matter is like blood sausage in three ways: the shape, the color, and the blood content
atm can fit a whole grapefruit into his mouth
atm likes his flour like he likes his assholes, bleached and bromated
atm has a LaTeX allergy
atm can carry four cassava roots at once but doesn't do so for legal reasons
atm is a filthy boy <:smug:682999322597654567>
atm likes to sit in the back of the Hagey Coach because he enjoys the smell of the toilet
when atm visits any restaurant he asks for their "most anabolic meal"
ATM recently achieved 1 million subscribers on his youtube channel, ASMR Abattoir
ATM hates cowboys, that's why there aren't any anymore
Most people say "coincidence", some say "coinkydink". ATM says "corgenkyblenk"
Atm got sent back to purgatory after throwing it back (twerking) at the gates of heaven
ATM's favorite scene in every persona game is when the guys accidentally walk in to the girls hot spring time
ATM once curb stomped a man, not for fun but for profit
In ATM language they have 183 different words for poop
Atm takes great inspiration on how to live his life from the anime Oreimo
ATM doesn't mind complete strangers touching his pregnant belly
atm is campaigning for a 4-hour work week after reading a certain book
atm thinks there should be an age limit on internet usage, especially social media
atm does those "morning routine" videos on youtube
ATM is under investigation
ATM played Blanche in a musical production of A Streetcar Named Desire
atm just took a shit; breathe through your mouth for the next 5 mins
ATM eats grass
atm took out a small loan of $10,000 to use on gacha games
atm likes girls ewwwwwww
atm thinks "feminist critique" is when you tell "those blue-haired lesbians from Vermont" to "shut up and make you a sandwich". Problematic!
atm likes camping sucks
ATM thanked the girl for bringing him his Chick-Fil-A order. When she said "my pleasure", ATM was livid. "Now listen here you brazen hussy in no way does anything I do have to be related to your pleasure. Leave your salacious sentiments to your own time and let me enjoy my waffle fries in peace"
Atm smokes 5 packs a day
atm likes to eat doggle's freshly broken off soggy toe nails
atm wears a santa suit in August
ATM always wears his santa-thong
Three letter agency in a trench coat? ATM has three-something for you in a trench coat
a three-headed Monkey
ATM famously invented which of the following feminine hygiene products: || 1. Tampons || 2. Crampons || 3. Hampton...s...-inn || 4. The Moon
ATM is the world's first mushroom
ATM tastes best battered and deep fried
ATM believes that child mortality rates going back millennia were in-fact a result of pre-antiobiotic circumcisions
atm can't even latch onto a nipple
Atm is really interested in what being fisted by Spider-Man is like
atm got banned from JDate, you can probably guess why
ATM has lost most chances at a second date because of his insistence on holding hands with his index and middle fingers both occupying a single space between his date's index and middle
A comet isn't anywhere near as fast as atm (in bed hahaha )
atm went to DC to visit Comet Ping Pong
ATM has sensual allergies
ATM has a major supporting role in a soon-to-be-released... online-only budget reimagining of The Witcher series, called The Pitcher
ATM has watched the entire filmography of the yule log
atm posts missed connections on craiglist
atm likes to ask every woman if they're pregnant
ATM filled the Time Square New Year's ball with vanilla pudding so everyone could get "snackpacced" first thing for 2022.
atm just moved to a small sea-side town and joined the fishing club even though he's afraid of fish
atm shaves the butts of the coma patients at the local hospital because "comatose people deserve smooth asses too"
atm farted so much the carbon monoxide detector went off in the house and a cbrn unit was called in
atm got to third base on the Queen in 1996
ATM believed in Qanon
ATM was never taught about "the birds and the bees" but he did learn about the four pests campaign under Mao
Whenever ATM visits Jamaica, the locals refer to him as the "Top Shotta"
ATM's favorite song is "Plastic Love" by Mariya Takeuchi.
atm started wearing a ball cap backwards because he is embarrassed to be balding but wants to play it off as being fun
atm has never had sex at 9am on a Tuesday and it shows
atm makes sushi with bass. Its disgusting
atm's parents make him wear a name tag in case he gets lost
atm describes himself as a "boob man" to strangers unprompted
ATM has already lost
ATM wants to see your boobs
inside atm there are two wolves, they're having sex
when atm doesn't want to be friends with you anymore he offers to play a game of monopoly with you
atm knows when he's annoying and keeps his dumbass thoughts to himself
ATM does skateboard squats
Atms seed is strong
ATM decided to invest in BTC 2 days ago
ATM rolled around in the poison ivy so he didn't have to go to school the next day
ATM got into a fight with a japanese vending machine because it wouldn't take his USD
atm got a job in St. Louis polishing the arch
ATM only boils his chicken
atm hopes they followed the five second rule when they make ground beef
atm wearing a belly shirt so he can get an interesting tanline
Atm wants to motorboat chun-li
atm wants chun-li to choke him out with her thighs
ATM got Black and Samoan in his veins (he stole The Rock's blood)
ATM was banned from Sunday School for having impure thoughts about Larry The Cucumber from Veggie Tales.
atm was trampled by a rogue herd of goats and was reincarnated as the creature in bad reddit posts
atm was arrested after breaking into the NASA launch facility in Wallops Island, VA naked because he heard they were launching a sounding rocket and he wanted to be "first in line for whatever that is"
pencils are made with graphite now because atm ate all the lead ones
atm weighs the same no matter the gravity
there are no chairs in atm's house, only various stacks of milk crates
atm wears shoulder pads and heel lifts so he seems more masculine
ATM is constantly in between being faintly aroused and needing to piss
atm sure does pee a lot for a Christian
Atm will try to do laundry to verify if you really do have washboard abs
ATM considers mayonnaise to be the spice of life
ATM's permanent record can be used a magical tome
atm doesn't date because he doesn't want anyone else to take his semen, its his protein not yours!
atm will not stop lying about the history of africa
ATM loves lying about the history of Africa
atm won't stop messaging small family owned businesses about crypto opportunities
ATM was one of those weird German Communists that fought for the Union during the Civil War.
ATM thought Creole was just a brand of seasoning
Atm thinks jerk chicken is just when a chicken is really mean
ATM thinks jerk chicken is a fetish
atm is searching for the fountain of youth so that he can have legal loli's and shouta's
Atm has chicken on the brain
atm deletes facts he doesn't like because they are too powerful
atm spent most of the 70's as a fluffer
atm wants Kamala Harris to call him disgusting then step on him while wearing high heels
atm was at bfkelleher's bris
atm made a tool cover band where all the lyrics are replaced with cow noises
atm aggressively moisturizes the elbows of strangers on the bus
atm shows off his Azur Lane skins to the Hispanic guy sitting next to him on the bus
atm's 2022 resolution is to shit less in the sink. not stop entirely though; he's being realistic
atm fell out the bus door because he was standing too close to it and the MTA buses in Baltimore are poorly maintained
atm farted so hard he derailed a train in Boulder, CO which really punctuated the current disaster going on there
atm air fried a hotdog for 2 hours
atm modeled his bed after convenience store hot-dog rollers
atm doesn't eat kosher pickles because "Jesus died so we wouldn't have to deal with that nonsense"
atm walks around the house wearing a camelbak at all times
ATM's waterskin is sourced from an Israeli black market
atm has a lot of strong opinions about shredded cheese vs block cheese
ATM will never tell a soul where the alien cube is hidden
atm strapped c4 to seventeen dolphins in acts of "ecco-terrorism"
atm sure has been walking weird ever since he hid the alien cube
ATM does all the thumbnails for TheQuartering for free because he is his favorite youtuber and favorite person from Wisconsin (sorry Merth)
atm started smoking so he could have more reasons to hang out with his crush in private
atm sure has been staying up late smoking weed and watching anime a lot lately
atm is Hideo Kojima's child soldier consultant
Atm was the personal sex advisor for Jon Bon Jovi before Dennis Reynolds was
ATM only pees sitting down because he is a feminist
ATM doesn't pee in the restroom because he's into that
atm only reads christian fiction
Atm presents Hobbs and food
ATM's favorite movie of all time is Ted
ATM's least favorite movie of all time is Ted 2
atm is the only person who knows of more than one song by Bachman Turner Overdrive
ATM glued something to a spot robot
atm would like to be referred to as "Yoko Ono Fartstack" in 2022. Thank you for your consideration!
atm thinks ventriloquism is the highest form of art
atm has given quite a few people the stalin treatment
atm takes good care of his knee joints because always wants to be able to get down on both knees
atm is hillary clintons private assassin
atm broke his foot so he could get handicap parking
atm inhaled a 3 foot long noodle through his nostril
atm snitched on speakeasies during prohibition
atm owns a legal tommy gun with Donald Trump's signature on it
atm wears a scarlet letter because he wants to let randos know he is always dtf
atm wears condoms just for the hell of it
atm's New Year's resolution is to be less racist but significantly more misogynistic
ATM has white boy rage
Atm got lead poisoning trying to give himself a shadow the hedgehog tattoo on his inner thigh
atm hires prostitutes to put on scrubs and call him pathetic while injecting him with ketamine
ATM is kinda funky doe
Call me Wild Cherry cuz I'm about to play that funky music!" -atm, on his way to the bathroom
atm got banned from Roosevelt Island for giving the foxes guns
ATM's favorite lube is Vicks Vap-o-rub
atm puts trackers in all clothes he donates to goodwill, etc
One of ATM's students posted a picture of him on r/Bossfight titled "The Dumb Gay", on r/punchablefaces titled "my dumb gay teacher", and on r/awfuleverything with no title.
atm is passionate about his Crocs (shoes)
atm has a big fat fanny
atm is an adult and freaks out over an "indirect kiss" from sharing food with a woman
atm wears out his Henry Kissinger fleshlights in about a month
atm drinks a pint of grappa every morning
atm wants gumby to join the avengers
You will rue the day you give ATM the greatest night he's ever known and then ghost him
ATM makes unnecessarily long comics on r/dogelore
atm spitroasted mother nature with father time causing climate change
atm ate the entire donner party himself
atm lives inside a full whale skeleton
atm used a walrus tusk as a strap on
"bot's back? this bot comes back more than my wife who's now a revenant after she got killed in that car crash which her spirit blames me for!" - atm, boomer stand up comic
ATM's favorite dance is the hempen jig
atm wants johhny vegas to give him a frogjob
atm taught his pet frog to say "arigafroggers" every time he gets a donation on twitch
atm convinced steve jobs to go the holistic route with his cancer treatment
atm has a fox girl that lives in his apartment and does the cooking and cleaning for him
I want to post inappropriate and offensive sexual atm facts, but atm won't let me
unlike the anime, atm does bang the fox demigod
atm has a 12GB folder of pics of anime girls using air fryers
"I'm very racist, so if I'm attracted to her, she's white." - ATM on what race anime girls are
ATM gets called a pedophile on twitter suspiciously often
ATM gets 4 dollars a month from Philips to shill air fryers on the myanimelist forums
ATM thought house music is when you bang on the walls.
ATM watches all the Nijisanji livers.
atm has a friend with huge breasts that always wants to hang out with him and has a huge crush on him and he's super weird about it
atm DMs women on twitter trying to shoot his shot, Hillary Clinton actually responded
atm is pretty sure he's meme'd himself into being very into maid outfits
ATM lost his virginity and can't find it.
Despite everything he's done, ATM is still the least problematic pro wrestler from the 80s
atm cooks bacon naked cuz he likes the feeling of the oil splatter on his swimsuit area
Atm is the sole benefactor of the Paw Patrol. He has invested billions into them.
atm's paw patrol began rounding up anyone involved with nfts, putting them in camps
atm's Paw Patrol had a really heavy handed episode about crime in Baltimore
"With great power comes great responsibility!" -atm after learning an ancient technique to make people cum on command
If atm gets you with a ligma joke, you lose 5 years of your life expectancy
atm is dating the geico gecko
ATM's word of the year for 2021 was "tummy", winning for the 6th consecutive year
atm stores his VHS tapes and powerful magnets in the same box, boy is he in for a surprise!
ATM went to Wolverhampton to hopefully get gangbanged by a lot of wolves but ended up meeting a lot of Portuguese guys instead.
atm is up next to get cicada'd in 2024
ATM relates to Bojack Horseman because he too is a washed up Hollywood actor.
ATM also relates to Bojack Horseman because he is a horse.
atm relates to Bojack Horseman because he too refuses to grow and stop being a gigantic piece of shit
atm's growth as a horseman is NSFW.
atm has a digital picture frame loaded with photos of members of this server sleeping on his night stand
all of atm's New Year's resolutions are about sex
atm's entire family sleeps together in a blanket nest in the basement during the winters
atm seized the day as part of an ongoing federal investigation. For inquiries or tips, please contact the St. Louis, Missouri FBI field office at 314-589-2500
atm lies about his age on the internet
atm is proud to be responsible for the first murder of the New Year in Baltimore for 3 years running now
ATM deep fries all his food in 100°C (212°F) oil
Atm knows a guy if you want morphine
ATM knows a guy if you want poutine
Atm knows a guy if you want to be fucked by a horse
ATM is the Original Nuttah
Atm treats his mountain bike like he does his foreskin, with a thorough wash after every ride
atm's favorite anime is problematic, which is what he likes about it
Katamari Damacy is actually a story about Atm having to repopulate the skies' stars after Phat accidentally nuked them with his star extinction button.
ATM pickles his veg in human feces (shit, if you will)
ATM thinks "doujinshi" refers exclusively to hentai.
ATM calls published hentai manga "doujins"
atm beats up pedantic weebs for being cringe
atm detonates if the vibe is bad, never let the vibe get bad if you want to live
atm is on merth
Mix atm into the water of a neti pot and rinse liberally to clear your sinuses
Atm is the most blocked user on Twitter
Atm sleeps in the nude
Every day atm is thankful that social media and smart phones didn't exist when he was in school. That way there's no traces of his Hitler costume
Put ATM into your bath at night and he grows into a dinosaur
when ATM gets a massage, he pays extra to have them aggressively command him around and roleplay a forced massage
The more diluted atm is in the water the more potent he is
Atm is not like other girls
Atm thinks fracking is good for the environment
"Everyone strip naked and step into the fire!" 🔥 -ATM
ATMs children's charity organization employs child slaves
atm owns an nft of his fursona
atm sweats poop water
atm is an asshole, able to take a lot of punishment
atm had a VHS tape of a 1997 youth karate competition blasted into his skull by a tornado and now he knows kung fu (really badly though)
Atm isn’t allowed to eat with the rest of the family cuz he’s cringe
ATM played for the Baltimore Ravens from 2011-2013. He was also super bowl MVP in 2012.
secretly atm is a prominent vocaloid song maker
ATM is a game journalist.
ATM has a 6-in-1 shampoo.
ATM enjoys telling little girls that feminism sucks.
ATM subs TikToks into Afrikaans.
atm walked up to me in a supermarket and said, loudly, "WHAT'S THAT? YOU WANT MY AUTOGRAPH? SORRY, I DON'T GIVE THOSE TO FUCKING MORONS"
ATM is a major proponent of the theory that goblins are a male-only species
ATM invented Python; the name was changed though at the behest of his co-authors...
ATM put a police call box up his butt, it's bigger on the inside
ATM is attempting to enact every unique definition found on Urban Dictionary
Atm is an nft
atm's favorite character from the one anime is cringe
ATM wrote the United Healthcare jingle.
atm is passionate about market health insurance
atm gets an erection when he has to decipher whats in and out of network
ATM borrows from his experience with gender reveals to pursue his real passion of delivering bad news
atm calls eating ass "going Joker mode"
when atm dies, he's taking as many of you fucking freaks with him as he can
*atm holding a fistful of lithium* "hey guys check it out!" *swallows it and starts shooting flames and sparks from his mouth as his flesh melts* "I'm a reactionary! hahaha" *wet bloody gurgling and the sound of organs falling on the ground*
ATM’s favorite kind of pie is sugar pie, it’s a frozen pie crust full of sugar, no baking required
ATM has been in a 20 year feud with his friend's pet rock.
Atm is homophobic ||  || Bottom text
Atm got to work for 72 hours straight after he uttered the phrase "but what if you could fuck an NFT"
ATM draws angsty fan art of his favorite vtubers.
atm draws fan art of his favorite vtubers getting railed by Burt Reynolds and saying "oh Burt-sama you're so much better and bigger than my cuck boyfriend atm"
ATM is really into getting his eye pressure checked.
ATM has ADHD, A Dang Huge Dick
ATM told me not to look a gift horse in the mouth... and depending on your state laws his alternative might work for you.
ATM's favorite Mandarin dish is orange chicken.
atm thinks the regular Japanese curry mix is too spicy
Atm immediately goes to Twitter to make an insensitive post about a famous person that just died regardless of if they were terrible or not
Atm wishes he was a cute cozy girl going camping with her friends in the mountains in winter
Atm rode that big spider from Lord of the Rings to school because his cringe-ass parents wouldn’t buy him a car
God bless the 50s -ATM
Atm is the direct result of colonialism
ATM brings local IPAs to his AA meetings for the homies to try.
atm hates missing the boat that's why he has Hatred Of Missing Out
ATM make spaghetti and meatballs with buckwheat soba noodles.
atm puts cigarettes out on his tongue
atm looks like James Corden, something that does not help him get laid but does help him get hit by cars and buses!
ATM bought some dogshit flavored ice cream but it didn't taste very good, so now he's bustin a finna regerts due to Le
Atm blames the CIA poop gun every time he shits himself
atm sorts and manages his ships in Azur Lane in order of how hot he finds them. Concerning!
atm still thinks about high school and is looking forward to his upcoming 10 year reunion so he can relive a bunch of 10+ year old relationships and drama
ATM spends money on cosmetics for his favorite video characters. Cringe!
ATM is one of those bridezillas that insists on having a huge wedding in the middle of a pandemic.
atm wrote a "what your genshin waifu says about you" guide thats specifically insulting to one of his friends
atm has never gotten over his middle school girlfriend
atm still wears his high school letterman jacket, he only got letters in marching band and thats because half the marching band died of rabies
ATM made a promise to get married to his childhood friend. Too bad the sassy tsundere chick is hotter.
ATM's ducks have unionized.
ATM gets undocumented women pregnant (consensually) so they have health insurance for a short time.
Atm has seven kids with eight different women
atm casually defies the pigeonhole principle every day
Atm once told Jhonty he's not allowed to say the n-word because he's not dark enough
they just noticed the hidden camera atm planted a week ago
atm knows what you did last summer even though you never invited him out
atm teaches a class in insurance fraud down at the local community college
ATM was the inspiration for the titular character of hit horror flick *The Hole in the Ground*
atm was sued for libel by BigHit 28 times
ATM "fights" using his own personal style he calls "tiger stance karate". It consists of him doing heel kicks while yelling "BattleKick!" and throwing random punches while yelling "BattleFist!"
ATM stole wonder woman's lasso of truth and went around forcing people to reveal their deepest sexual desire in front of friends, family, and co-workers
ATM is a fat boy.
ATM is a phat boi
ATM's favorite pasta dish is Pasta e Fagioli.
ATM thinks the guy on the box of rice he bought is Spiderman's uncle.
"Yeah I got NFTs, Non Functioning Testicles" - ATM
ATM got that bitch fungus
atm is the piss goblin
ATM is the cum orc.
atm sharted
Atm sits firmly in the bottom right corner of the We have food at home alignment chart
Atm is currently in the cum arc of his life
every night, atm has the same wet dream where he whispers "Remember, no russian" to himself before busting open the doors to congress
dam, atm getting bitcheeezzzzz 😍
ATM can bop his head to Ochame Kinou for 27 days.
Atm is opening a maid cafe where all the maids openly despise you
Atm is opening his legs for anyone with 10 bucks
Atm thinks being an empath gives him an n-word pass
⬇️ ATM just said the following: ⬇️
Haha atm wears panties
atm screams COPE AND SEEEETHE at the mcdonalds workers when they tell him the ice cream machines broke
atm commissioned art of Le Malin bunny version messily eating pizza for some perverted reason
ATM travels to Omaha yearly so he can get a Medicare supplement and to get steaks.
Atm recites the pledge of allegiance every morning
ATM pays his pixiv fanbook subscriptions at his local convenience store.
Atm is the world's most popular garfield cosplayer
ATM knows the deep lore of the local homeless population.
atm named his rice cooker and often sings to it
ATM has a good and healthy relationship with his mother.
ATM rewatches 7th Heaven yearly
atm's homemade vodka sauce is just horse blood
atm teaches sex ed to old people
all of atm's jokes are pop culture references
atm's blood type is D+
Atm is extremely mad that Nagatoro's English VA is gonna be a black woman
Wow! atm just said something so racist Strom Thurmond came back to life to give him an award
atm was kicked out of his college football stadium for playing pumped up kicks on a boombox during the minute of silence for sandy hook victims
ATM is woefully unpogged
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is gay
ATM thought Nancy Kerrigan had it coming.
ATM has re-vitiligo.
In some circles, ATM is known as "The Missouri Messi".
"i have no sympathy 4 the grinch" says atm, loading the anti-materiel rifle he uses for hunting small game
ATM loves a situation with a good manifesto
atm is afraid to post on 4chan because he thinks they can hack his IP and steal his computer
Of all the idiots in all the idiot towns, atm stands alone as the biggest idiot
Atm eats half a pound of MSG every day to give his ejaculate that extra coomami
atm's cat cafe was quickly shut down after the mountain lions mauled 3 customers
atm still thinks the Candlejack meme is funny and constantly references it
"damn girl are you Kamala Harris? cuz I want you to spit in my mouth" -atm, hitting on anyone
"I loved that movie!" - Atm upon seeing an ad for an upcoming The Devil Wears Prada concert
atm always celebrates what he considers to be black culture on MLK Day
atm plays FPS games with an FOV of 69
ATM sure is a screamer ;) (I just murdered him)
Atm covers his turds in epoxy and sells them on etsy
ATM thinks Asuka's catchphrase is "unta bocka"
ATM's only interested in gay mer-girl water
ATM is The Haunter in the Dark, sorry, The Hunter in the Dark, sorry, The Hunter *of* the Dark
ATM stole a marriage
atm kinda funky 🤪
Atm is in cider town
atm eats his pizza with a knife and fork
atm discovered the secret RadioShack thats still good while in Fantasy Missouri (its like regular Missouri but it has elves and goblins)
Atm has sexy thighs
Wow! atm just did something absolutely disgusting in merth's closet!
"damn daddy you really plumped up my flesh log with that pic!" -atm, sexting Bill Clinton
atm went back in time and gave Jesus an AK-47 and 3 kilos of PCP
Whenever atm sings along to what he calls "ethnic music", he replaces all instances of a particular word with the hard r version of that word
eyes are the windows to the soul which is why if you stare into atm's eyes, its like looking inside a rotting log. Full of decay and crawling creatures, new life springing from old death, warm and chaotic
Atm wears fake glasses to look smart
ATM’s New Years resolution is 720p. Really aiming low
ATM ran into the courtroom waving his pog around and pointing it at the judge. "It's not our baby!" he said, before turning the pog on himself.
Atm is long
ATMs favorite band is Aerosmith
ATM only streams in 420p
ATM goes to the VA for all his health related needs.
ATM is the IP if Microsoft
atm can count to jhonteen
atm commissions art of anime girls vaping and is currently shopping around for an artist to draw Yotsuba blowing fat clouds from a sweet rig
Atm doesn't take golden showers, he takes golden baths
If you ever want some cheap second hand foreskins, atm is your guy!
ATM taught Klee how to make bombs.
ATM's down special is a charge/release move called BeastForce BattleQueef where pressing down-b once turns his forearm into that of a beast and he starts fisting his own asshole, and pressing it again releases the stored energy (air) in a burst of air (queef)
ATM thinks malding means male balding
ATM just entered sicko mode
ATM: "I have no feet" || Me, a gamer: \*shoots him in the face*
ATM represented Trinidad & Tobago at Miss World 1986.
atm thinks Tobago is a kind of hat or sled
ATM steals all the tamarind from the trees on San Fernando Hill.
ATM is a proud graduate of Naparima College.
atm is lobbying hard to prevent the dissolution of a town in Wise County, VA and to also have it get an Amtrak station in the next SWVA passenger rail expansion
atm thinks eventually Amtrak should put dinosaur skeleton wraps on the trains
By 2035, atm wants to be able to ride the Bone Train to Pound Town, Virginia
ATM trades ham for sexual favors
any story humans make up is just imitating His work; thus it can be said to be fanfiction
In East Africa, ATM is known as "The Chicken Strip Baron"
ATM IS A GRIFTER
Atm sneaks in food into the movie theater drug mule style
atm's ISP called him to see if he was ok because he kept googling "how to stop being sad" and "Bambi with a huge veiny cock" over and over
atm HATES IT when number-specific facts get jumbled around
In some circles, ATM is known as "The Sultan of Swing"
ATM is a leading figure in the Goblin Civil Rights movement.
atm has trouble separating fact from fiction, was probably a bad idea to let him watch all the Jurassic Park movies back to back
Yea that is an eggplant in ATM’s pocket and no he isn’t happy to see you
Atm kisses your mom with that mouth
atm is so goddamn ANNOYING
atm has compassion for all living things which is why he's gonna have to kill you
atm's doesn't dream of labor but if he had to pick a "dream job" it'd be space pirate
"FUCKIN ISEKAI URSELF" - atm to his uber driver after he wouldnt give him a back rub
Adam M., more famously known as ATM, just got out of jail and wants to find some jobs. His Twitter handle is @1ATM. If you’ve been following the latest Twitter-sphere, you’ll have probably seen a hashtag (#JobForATM) a few days ago. A little background, I was actually a friend of his back in the day. We both met at my house and we immediately became friends. We became friends with other people at the house who were friends of the friends of ours. If you’ve never had that happen before you’ll understand the gravity of it. My Facebook friends have been like, “He got arrested.” “What?” “What?” So it’s interesting when I actually find myself saying, “He’s gotten out of jail.”
Atm killed Betty White
woman: blah blah periods || atm: VILE || man: blah blah smegma || atm: 🤤
atm has never been hunted for sport through the streets of Baltimore at 3am in February and it shows
This Atm fact is for Atm fact platinum subscribers only! Subscribe now for the low price of $500 in Amazon gift cards!
ATM has an online Etsy business selling stockings to giants
atm eats plastic to get in touch with his inner seagull
ATM's thinks microplastics are cheap tabletop miniatures.
Atm holds the record for most circumcisions done in an hour (237)
atm supports the women's side of things in the West Elm Caleb discourse because he's a pathetic simp and "feminist"
"mission accomplished" whispers atm as he feeds his real doll of George W. Bush a spoonful of oats
ATM is extremely upset that the green m&m isn't sexy anymore.
atm thinks the Nazis were good because "how can anyone that bombed the British that much possibly be bad?"
atm thinks the Nazis were good because he hates jews so fucking much
atm's hands are covered in mold and grime
atm still actively uses facebook
ATM supports Israel's war on Palestine in the hopes that all the jews and muslims will kill eachother
atm included Eva Braun on his list of strong women
atm wants to know what that boipucci do
ATM thought adopting the title "Tartaglia" would make him closer to his favorite Genshin Impact character, instead he ended up becoming an Italian clown.
atm wants Ningguang to step on him while wearing heels
ATM has an egg story.
"damn girl, are you a pâtissière cuz I'm an egg and I want you to whip and beat me until I cream" -atm, about to get banned from another bar
atm keeps DMing me asking if he can brush my cat and its getting weird
atm can drink an entire 6 pack in less than 4 minutes
atm was never very particular about the difference between "hung" and "hanged" until he started dating a pirate with a big wiener
atm wants the electro women from Genshin to take turns electrocuting him, really just frying him, making him a well done chunk of horny man-flesh
atm's cat hates him
atm named his rice cooker Marlene and the line between appliance and lover is getting blurred
ATM doesn't wipe because he uses a bidet, but, in an effort to save water, he only gives his ass a little splash, and he doesn't wipe the water off afterwards either, so his underwear gets stained with the poop infused water
ATM walked up to a pretty chunky foid at the bar and said "DAMN that bellypussy meaty, you must be very bloated with hog semen"
atm went to PISSNEY WORLD to get FUCKED
Atm is working on original characters for the game Among Us but the only name he can think of is Sussy Galore
ATM hatched from an egg
ATM's trip to Japan was disappointing since he couldn't find a single woman who could manifest an electro sword out of her  cleavage.
ATM has egg on his face, literally
ATM has recurring dreams where he and his friends are seal team 6 taking out Barney the dinosaur
"Wow, I never seen someone more owned lol" - ATM time travelling to South Carolina circa 1859
atm poops once a week
atm thinks [redacted character] from [redacted anime] is "best girl." Cringe.
ATM got a QOS tattoo because he thought it meant Quick to Open Sodas
ATM has a spade in his Twitter name because he's good at poker
ATM thinks being an ex call of duty pro makes him eligible for VA benefits.
ATM is a clams adjuster. He do love clams doe.
Atm recommends you get a colonoscopy
Atm got an IMAX colonoscopy
What ATM did with that clamshell made Poseidon blush
God himself pixelates what ATM does in the bedroom
atm invented a time machine solely to prank his past self
ATM destroys clussies, with or without clownsent.
atm will not participate in a tabletop unless there's a stat for cock size
Atm projects his weird grievances with media onto other people
Atm is a Disney adult
ATM makes unnecessarily long Twitter threads to cancel niche micro celebrities.
ATM wears a chest binder with crabs attached
atm's dream in life is to hang out in a coffee shop and smoke cigarettes with friends
Every single 80s saxophone solo was done by ATM.
"hey boy, is your vision all fucked up? Cuz you look like you could use a little vitamin A" -atm, pick up artist
atm is excited for the Facebook Metaverse
atm got in trouble in 4th grade for googling "girls kissing" on the family computer
Atm installs gloryholes professionally
atm can fully charge a bus with his mouth
ATM gets his clove cigarettes from 8th graders.
ATM invented the COVID Vaccine.
Atm doesn't believe in gay marriage. Take the fucking estrogen already merth
ATM doesn't believe in the sun
ATM has quite the puffy vulva!
ATM's favorite taco joint is The Puffy Vulva
ATM has a line of inflamed anus NFTs called Puffy Taco Yacht Club
If it's a 4 letter word with OO in the middle, atm wants it up his butt
ATM lost to Charles Barkley in a ribs eating contest.
ATM was a hardcore Mormon until 1978.
atm is Q
atm sells fridges
ATM is a slightly overweight white guy with a soulful singing voice.
atm thinks where he lives is unsafe because he moved to a "good neighborhood" then saw a black person
atm wants to get some of your "boy oil"
Atm has 1 trillion dollars stored away waiting to be donated to the poor globally. The only condition for its release is that Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson has to act in a movie where he doesnt just play himself.
atm is tutoring identical quintuplets and is gonna fall in love with one of them! Hope its not that one!
Atm doesn’t wash his ass
atm gets horny for weird things
ATM works at the Catholic University of Missouri Dumping Ground, the CUM Dump
ATM is the marketing director for The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
Atm wipes from right to left
Uh oh! ATM's two rhyming alter egos just got into trouble again! ATM Barkscraper illegally scraped bark off an endangered redwood tree, and the other one did something bad too!
Oh no! ATM is having a white woman moment! What will come with it?
atm has been really interested in suicide bombing lately
Atm is pornographic in nature
*atm flipping his Mao body pillow to the lewd side* "Alexa, play 'le sexy times' playlist at max volume" *furious banjo strumming and the crunchy wet sounds of an unwashed body pillow getting turnt out*
atm keeps memeing himself into new fetishes
come up to the roof, atm has something he wants to tell you
atm has a ranking of the members of this server based on how well he thinks they could lay pipe, both in the ground and in the bedroom
If you're ever at atm's place, do NOT inspect the meat sacks
Atm foresaw your death last night
ATM wrote an erotic novel called "The Three Body Problem"
ATM pays his child support in Bitcoin.
ATM once absolutely destroyed and embarrassed Chris Brown on the basketball court at VCU's gym.
ATM is dating a buddha, not THE Buddha obviously, a large statue representation of the Buddha in northern Japan.
ATM purposely gives hospitals out of service numbers so they can't follow up on him.
ATM gets Nitro for free as part of his sexual harassment settlement
atm is known as the Al Capone of public defecation in his town
ATM spent his youth in The Child Broiler. This isn't a metaphor for unwanted youths, ATM was burning alive.
atm has an oversized white tee that says "big boy stuntin'" on the front with a picture of Homer driving a donk and "little boy bluntin'" on the back with a picture of Bart smoking weed. He wears it to church every Sunday.
ATM likes to inaccurately reenact historical events, his favorite being "The Defecation of Prague".
Oh no! The school board is gonna close atm's beloved high school! In order to save it, atm forms a unique club with his quirky and tropey group of friends. Can the Asbestos and Lead Pipe Abatement Club save the school in time? Will they discover what the principal keeps hidden??
atm goes to local school board meetings to bully and heckle the right wing freaks
atm is afraid of escalators
atm got his arm stuck in the door of a New York subway train and rats stripped it of its flesh before they got to the next station. It was not an express train.
atm makes bluegrass covers of Slipknot songs
atm's parents installed a vending machine in the living room so they could make money off their stupid kids
atm joined sports teams in high school and quit when he found out no one really did group showers like in TV shows
atm is scouting for a tight end for his team, he knows nothing about football
"my wide receiver is on the disabled list this season" -atm, unable to sit down
ATM uses his dental insurance for inpatient visits, for some reason they approve the authorizations.
atm's waifu is problematic (racist)
atm keeps trying to start race riots at hockey games but there aren't enough non-white people at them
ATM volunteered for the race war because he thought it was a fight between speedrunners
atm panhandles at stoplights
the fire department no longer responds to calls at atm's address
ATM hates donuts
ATM is an enemy of cops
you won't believe this one simple trick atm used to lose weight fast! (he fell into a dumpster full of running chainsaws)
atm was expecting more people at his community center performance of Ass Tuba
atm flags all his Twitter selfies as "sensitive content" because he's a sensitive boy
atm pirates Holocaust documentaries on his work network
atm has been banned from 6 casinos for eating the poker chips
atm has a beast feeding fetish, its not a typo
atm screams when he orgasms
ATM is the Hash-slinging Slasher.
atm forgot his umbrella, can he walk home with you?
"Well its February so time to lower my standards on Grindr!" -atm, thinking he's not racist
Atm is very very racist
Atm thinks that Yu-Gi-oh and Yogi bear are in the same universe
Atm seasons his fries with footsalt
atm writes stage versions of popular movies then acts all the parts in free shows at his local dying mall, he was not allowed back after his rendition of Schindler's List
"I'm gonna nico nico knee you in the fucking throat if you don't shut up about Love Live you fucking weeb" -atm to Jhonty, 2016
atm likes his men like he likes his women, like his men
the NAACP assigned atm a full-time detail to stop him from being racist
atm just farted so hard he fucking DIED jesus christ
atm owns a litter box but not a cat
ATM shot Punxsutawney Phil.
ATM's dakimakuras have power of attorney.
Atm exclusively refers to his dakimakuras as daikatanas
Atm likes his women like he likes his coffee: ground up and in the freezer
Atm thinks it's valid to eat fingers
Atm once had a job as a mine canary
ATM is the reason why we don't have a second season of Yuyushiki.
Atm thinks Tony Stark before he had any kind of character development in the 2008 Iron Man was right
atm bullied the other members of the Washington Football Team focus group into choosing the worst name possible
atm thinks urban American football stadiums are efficient land use
atm remembers his time in Korea fondly
Atm has a fetish for people that wear elf ears to walmart
atm messes with Texas by saving his trash then dumping it in Texas state parks
atm edits himself into anime screenshots so he can pretend to have friends

atm goes to furry conventions and asks the fursuiters how much their fursuits cost
atm came upon hard times so he flayed his tattoos off and tried to pawn them
ATM is the understudy for the Liberty Mutual emu
Atm was born to run which really makes you wonder wtf he’s doing sitting around playing 30 year old videogames instead
Atm is afraid of turnstiles
atm tried to do a cool sideways slide between the DC metro fare gates behind someone but he timed it wrong and they slammed closed on him with one side crushing his wiener and the other firmly embedding itself between his no longer perfectly working pair of buttcheeks
atm lost a fight to a rat once
when WMATA remodeled the 5000 series subway cars to no longer have carpet, they were delighted that atm offered to buy them at such a high price as long as they didn't ask questions about why he wanted something so disgusting
atm puts on a dog costume and crawls around Adams Morgan and U Street on all 4s and eats the sidewalk bones on weekend mornings
Scientists have been hard at work trying to find the cure for atm
Atm actually managed to get banned from Dan’s Cafe
ATM grinds enemies for experience in Genshin Impact.
ATM's rattata is in the top percentage
atm went up to the little table with the old people at the Holocaust Museum and asked them "how much will it Holocaust me to get a ticket?" thinking their were the ticket sales people
Everything atm knows about Baltimore he learned from watching The Wire
Atm has never met Jhonty irl and it shows
ATM wants to make Squid Game real so he killed a bunch of poor Koreans.
ATM reacts with the shark emoji everytime someone says "same".
Atm identifies strongly with the anime girl that’s always eating
ATM swags when he surf.
atm plays the tambourine in his 15 member jam band
Atm will be voiced by Chris Pratt in Atm the movie
ATM is known as the "7-11 Sommelier" in the Midwest.
atm has a spring in his step and is whistling a jaunty tune! Thats right, its his favorite day of the month, euthanasia day at the catboy pound!
ATM directs porn parodies of his favorite classic novels.
The Rock is ATM's stunt double.
ATM's father was a castrato
ATM is into cubism
ATM washes his cast iron with soap because it pisses people off no good reason.
ATM gets really angry on Twitter when the Official Genshin Impact Twitter uses Aether instead of Lumine.
ATM is one of Bob Marley's son.
ATM is somehow still a Dutch Colony.
ATM's favorite Christmas song is a lovingly racist tune about the hospitality of Chinese people.
ATM: What's the difference between me and Quentin Tarantino? || ||The SJWs have removed the second half of this joke.||
Me: I'm constipated || ATM: Stop oversharing
atm works the snack bar at Hung Henry's Horny Honeys Whorehouse in Henrico
ATM's favorite candy bar is a Big Hunk
atm keeps submitting really pornographic and specifically violent haikus to the Golden Triangle BID
Atm doesn’t have any friends because people cant stand his grating personality. Cringe!
Atm eats the pizza box too
ATM eats swuaht casserole with honey.
Atm is a sweepy puppy uwu
Atm very recently learned that Swaziland is in Africa and Switzerland is in Europe
atm has a Youtube channel where he microwaves rare cartridge games
ATM bought his nephew fireworks for his first birthday.
atm sleeps on his back in order to retain the most semen
ATM is a social worker for ancient aliens.
atm is still unsure if girls do poop or not
atm is hot
atm is that one anime girl thats always sleeping
atm won't stop trying to give people Bibles
atm likes to imagine God not as a man or woman, but as a clown with an erection
atm made an Esperanto fan dub of Friends
ATM wears anime shirts to casual Friday at the office.
Atm is going through a Raimi memes phase right now
Despite his name, ATM actually fucking hates Yu-Gi-Oh
atm thinks "race play" is stuff like the stage version of To Kill a Mockingbird and no one has the heart to correct him
Atm skateboards under the name Ollie McShove-It
if atm ever wins the lottery, he's gonna produce a fan dub of Love Live with Southern rap artists
atm wants to know if you're gonna eat that cheese
atm's mucus is quite rancid!
atm started a high school idol group and they were so terrible, the school board passed an ordinance to encourage bullying them
atm keeps DMing Jhonty to remind him Love Live is just Glee for weebs
atm still has his tonsils because when they tried to remove them, they just retreated farther into his throat leading the doctors on a Heart of Darkness-esque quest to retrieve them
I walked in on atm wearing a sailor fuku and dancing and singing along to the Lucky Star theme and he didn't even try to explain, he just screamed and threw eggs at me that he pulled out from under his skirt and oh god were those his eggs?????
atm steals drums
Atm drums steel
atm is the snacksophone
ATM is gonna pog off into this twink( he works the cream filling station at the Twinkie factory)
atm is a brat
atm has butt cancer, oh no!
ATM writes erotic fanfics of himself and his favorite characters, and they always end with him shooting "rope after rope of semen" in someone's "stretched anus".
ATM has an astigmatism in his butt
atm wants to know if he can rummage around in your underwear
atm euthanized Gorou because he bit a child
atm likes his yoghurt like he likes his men: hot, expired and in bed
atm's favorite part of the ketchup bottle is the pre-cum when he doesnt shake it
Atm thinks that senpai is just a really common last name like Nguyen
atm pronounces "Nguyen" like "Na-Jew-in"
atm sexed the Queen so good back in November she died
atm wrote a my-first-alphabet book for toddlers but it got a bit sussy around the letter n
You can withdraw money from atm
atm once smiled at a baby and the baby immediately vomited
atm thinks white people eating asian food is cultural appropriation
atm wears yukatas to official occasions
atm went to the ramen place in my neighborhood, tried to order in terrible Japanese, said "I love the anime you people do", then didn't leave a tip when he found out the workers are all Thai
atm keeps emailing Ridley Scott to ask him if the face huggers are single
ATM still wishes Strange Matter is still around so he can have the perfect spot to stab art students and 40 year old metal dudes.
atm was dubbed "the miracle on ice" when he ripped a kilo of meth and took the police on a 17 hour car, foot, train, horse, foot, car, airplane, kayak, dolphin, car chase
atm is giving some members of this server Valentine's Day gifts! Who's getting one? Who will reciprocate on White Power Day (Missouri's version of White Day)?
sometimes atm stands in front of the stove with the burner on and slowly moves his hand closer to the flame to see if he still feels anything, fear or pain
atm smells like fried chicken
atm ate the pissa
atm is thinking about becoming a sword guy this year
There are numbers written on ATM's thighs. Wonder what's that all about.
atm fucked up his magic trick and now rabbits won't stop coming out of his Bass Pro Shop hat
atm sits in the dugout at women's softball games with his mouth open wearing a shirt that says "I'm a spittoon"
atm went to the pound and asked if they euthanize animals for being cringe
ATM actually has a friend named Charlie Chan.
atm controls the world's cookie supply
A team of wild horses could take atm away from us, hell, 3 opossums and a skunk could. He really doesn’t like us that much
(Sources say) undomesticated equines couldn't take ATM away from us
you will not believe what atm did to that bathroom!
*atm changing his Twitter profile pic to Felix* “time to go weigh in on the Joe Rogan controversy!”
atm wants to bang Tree Beard
ATM is the kind of guy that wants to read documents before signing them but actually doesn't understand them.
ATM misses Dawson's Creek.
ATM has an encyclopedic knowledge of Angry Birds lore.
Atm thinks bubble baths are tubs with fat asses
atm is aroused, you can tell because the birds stopped singing and we haven't seen a squirrel in a bit
"I don't have a racist bone in my body" -atm, nervously shaking while trying to hide the fact he's smuggling Nazi femurs
atm wants to get all up in them guts
ATM owns a Krusty Krab franchise in his town.
ATM found blueberries
Therapist to atm : "are these party rockers in your house right now?"
Atm says a lot about society. Seriously someone shut him up already
ATM's band is called The Womb Tomb Clan
ATM is very upset that his favorite marvel movies don't get nominated for best picture.
ATM just activated a comediafunny, LAUGH!
atm once walked in on cuda screaving on a picture of Betty White
Atm wants to go to japjn
"ATM served this great nation overseas as Bobo the clown for nearly 20 years; Now he's back and if you just follow his 5 simple wacky tips, you'll be pleasing your man like never before!"
In celebration of Black History Month, ATM taught young youths in impoverished neighborhoods how to minmax in Pathfinder.
i need to poop but atm told me to save it and he hasn't said until when
ATM thinks "NFTs" is a hentai subgenre.
Atm likes pineapple
ATM gets more butt than ash tray.
ATM be like "Hog semen? I ain't drank no hog semen!!" but you can see the semen stains on his shirt and even some stuck in his beard
atm's real first kiss is still classified
idk what atm did in the bathroom but the screaming has stopped
atm lives in the public bathroom in the park
ATM took his dumb tanuki son fishing in a Chinese marsh.
atm hooked up with a clown and it laid eggs in his abdomen and in a few weeks larval clowns will eat their way out and burst forth
atm stapled a bunny suit to falafels and made him stand outside the racist maid cafe to attract customers, normally this wouldn't have worked but there was a Hellraiser fan convention in town that weekend so they cleaned up
Atm took "death of the author" a bit too literally and is now wanted in New Mexico, home state of his favorite fanfic writer.
atm is an equal opportunity bathroom destroyer
Before atm came by Whitehorse, it was known as Horse
atm thinks tacos are gay
atm's womb tattoo is glowing
atm is an anemo vision bearer
ATM: *walks into a bank filled with sleeveless patrons* Alright put your hands up in the air!
Atm has billions of dollars in assets, including owning more farmland than any other person in america
In some circles, ATM is known as "The Dawson's Creek Uncle"
Atm can see your wiener
ATM has a lifetime pass to Dollywood.
ATM's fungal infection is getting soggy, you have to change his diapers!
ATM’s ideal woman is Margaret Thatcher’s brain in Angela Merkel’s body with Hillary Clinton’s raw sexual energy
Atm pointed his phone camera at his wiener and hit “scan text” and it read and executed code that caused half of Europe to lose power and all US missile subs to ascend to launch depth and start opening their doors
ATM’s 401k portfolio is entirely made up of clowning related companies which includes a surprising number of weapons manufacturers and private prison companies
when atm dies, he wants to be buried beneath the Gucci store
Atm is always down to play cards with his cursed deck of cards that steals your life span!
atm runs an orphanage for cursed and weird children
"I love 13 year olds" - atm to himself as he drinks a 13 year old scotch
ATM thinks "Leotard" is a slur for people who are into astrology.
There isn't a single bodily fluid atm hasn't fermented and drank
Atm absolutely loves one ply toilet paper
ATM is George Tekai's social media manager
Atm is part of the BAYC, the Bored Atm Yawn Club
Atm can recognize someone's fingerprints by licking them
Atm found falafel in a ditch and regrets not leaving him there
Atm wants to move to Colombia
No one's ever seen pomu and atm in the same room... But most blame the restraining order
ATM hasn't been back to Colombia since 1994 when he met up with Andrés Escobar.
atm thought being a bounty hunter would be more like Cowboy Bebop and less like evicting disabled people who defaulted on medical debt
atm keeps asking his boyfriend to put on a Karl Marx mask and whip him
"Resident Evil" is what landlord ATM calls his tenants.
atm thinks its fun to stay at the YMCA
ATM wants to love you like a love song baby
"lord forgive me for what I'm about to do" -atm, buying an entire log of meat clown
ATM wants to fuck you like a frog hole baby
atm is just a silly little guy
"yeah I subscribe to the WSJ. Weekly Shonen Jump." - ATM
Atm found out the hard way why Richmond's BRT is called the Pulse after he was hit by a GRTC Pulse bus and the driver got out, put his fingers on atm's neck and said "no Pulse, no problem!" then ran over his carcass and drove off
atm facts really capture the American transit landscape
ATM is a piss hog
ATM is secretly BSJ
ATM has crow's feet (he collects them)
Atm gets mad when he sees his waifu with another guy in anime
Atm can, will and has put that in his butt
Atm likes his women like he likes his stew, hot and beefy
Atm ate supergauntlet’s Metal Gear Rex model and now we need to pump his stomach again
atm is starting to think that white women aren't as bad as Jhonty and the other guys with the colorful clothes make them out to be
atm wishes there was a cool slur he could say but other races couldn't
ATMs fetish is that stegasaurus scene from Jurassic park
*atm walking to the bathroom holding a gun* "on my way to take a number 6"
all pics of atm count as thirst traps
ATM stores pee in his balls and semen in his heart
Atm thinks the cath in Tradcath stands for Catherine Full-body edition for the Nintendo switch
When asked about current events surrounding Russia, ATM remaked "You can't trust the god damn Fatui. Snezhnaya sus."
atm follows supergauntlet on twitter
"Charlie's in the tree!" ATM said as he found his adopted son, Charlie, climbing a tree in the front yard.
atm is stored in the facts
ATMs friends goaded him into pranking their buddy by taking his dick out and putting in friends sleeping head to take a picture...  But friend knew of this and just before they entered the room he spread super-glue all over his forehead
ATM's friend jher is losing his mind
atm could use a good punch in the jaw
atm calls himself a futurist even though he's never had a single correct prediction
atm is illiterate
atm is illegitimate
atm just enlisted in the Army after seeing the news that Russia is about to invade Ukraine
atm scored a 23 on the ASVAB but he has a good skull shape and goes to the same church as the base commander so they made him an officer
atm keeps a picture of Hillary Clinton in his helmet to remind him of why he fights
atm's favorite Kubrick movie is Eyes Wide Shut
atm's favorite shit is the one i took yesterday
atm's favorite day of the week is saturday
ATM claims falafels on his taxes.
atm claims no responsibility on his Texas (the southern part of it)
atm considers himself a "hard man"
If you're good enough in bed, atm will give you a gold star
atm is a smegma male
atm has a pocket thrussy made of gamer vocal chords
atm's sins are forgiven in the eyes of the lord, but his name will never be redeemed in the hearts of man
atm derives his self-worth from the responses he gets to porn he shares on Discord
ATM is actually Tracy Chapman
ATM is secretly Kris Kristofferson's mother
In some circles, ATM is a square.
Atm doesn’t have nipples but he can be milked
after years of searching and saving, atm finally owns the original Alf puppet! He's gonna fuck it 😈
Atm wants a German woman to kill him
Atm converted to Islam!
atm was disappointed to learn that penetration testing was some cybersecurity thing and not something an entire baseball team would do to him in the bathroom of a Waffle House
atm is a rambunctious little scamp
atm picks what anime to watch via a complicated system where he carefully evaluates the anime based on the description, audience reviews, critic reviews, previous works from that studio and what people worked on it. He does not just immediately put any anime with fox or wolf girls on his watchlist.
atm gave my toilet PTSD
atm likes to ping @ℒℯ 『phat』 then delete it so he gets a ghost ping and is confused
Whenever ATM sees a femboy, the image of Bane breaking Batman's back flashes in his mind.
Atm just woke up and he’s horny. God have mercy on our souls. Atm have mercy on our holes.
atm reserves Saturdays for spanking spicydisco
atm zooms in on random areas on Google Maps and asks people from near-ish those places if they've ever been there
atm vomited in Theá's fondue pot then put it back in the cabinet
[video of atm getting beaten up]
atm lives between 4 different pocket dimmensions
we are cursed with atm's continued existence
Atm can name over 250 kinds of porridge
atm insists on using "he/she" instead of "they" because he insists it flows better in a sentence
ATM talks about Bruno.
Adam "North Korea is a theocracy" Moon
atm doesn't believe in hell, but still likes to picture Thatcher and Reagan burning for all eternity
atm kisses his bros on the lips
atm thoroughly licks his lips before kissing
atm has never been to Indiana
atm eats corn on the cob with every meal
atm once ran so fast that all his skin peeled off
atm can take the form of a beaver on demand
atm doesn't need to shit, he chooses to shit
ATM can not wander, || ATM can no wonder, || ATM can not belong. || He can merely be.
atm eats soup with chopsticks
atm only smokes the dankest indica rice
ATM thinks the greatest gift for anyone is a 15" horse dildo from Bad Dragon
atm commissions porn of his favorite anime characters as amputees. Its fucking weird
ATM turned the bot off to torture prehistoric fish
ATM cut a switch using his NETGEAR Ethernet Switch
Atm makes sure to announce that he's not watching the Super Bowl on every social media platform he's on.
atm looked a gift horse in the mouth once
Mike Tyson's quote "my power is discombobulatingly devastating!" is actually misattributed. The quote can be traced back to Atm when he tried domming once
*atm coming out of the bedroom with the flesh stripped from his skull* “he wasn’t lyin’! That bussy can *fart*!”
Atm thinks The Warriors is a documentary
Atm sure is looking forward to seeing Rei harvest the rice!
Atm bought a super bowl ad that’s just him green screened to look like he’s dancing in the goatse rectum while circus music plays
Atm thinks “don’t let the beaver chuck the curling stone eh” is a Canadian proverb
Atm has a weird relationship with ground beef
atm just learned that "Plato" is spelled like that and not like "Play-doh"
"The old world is dying and the new world struggles to be born, now is the time of monsters" -atm, to the janitor as he walks out of the bathroom
Fish fear atm
atm thinks "creepypasta" is rigatoni
Atm is a master at faking his orgasms. His favorite technique uses plain yogurt
atm wishes he was alive during the Vietnam War, he totally would've hunted down draft dodgers and made sure they went to fight for freedom
atm loves engaging in anime discourse on twitter
ATM put a touch of arsenic into his honmei choco, let's hope senpai notices him!
atm gives ass on Valentine's Day if you know what I mean
ATM is that one uncle at the family barbeque that tries to be hip and cool with the younger folk and is wearing all purple for one reason.
Atm goes paintballing with the elderly, whether they want to or not.
atm is la creatividad
atm thinks "Viral Hog" is what the health department calls his wiener and not a social media content farm
Atm has a plan to being the condor out of endangered status called Operation Condor
Atm was in a band in high school named Sexual Anarchy
Atm thinks a V-card is a credit card full of V-bucks
Atm's lozenges taste like piss
ATM's cum taste likes piss, and his piss tastes like Monster energy drink, so also piss
Fucking mobile is what atm calls his volkswagen
atm is neither a top nor a bottom, he's just dead
atm knows when you're gonna die because he's gonna kill you
ATM Darkthrungus (Dark thrussy (throat pussy) fungus)
you should've just let atm grill
“I like it spicy” -atm, adding extra ketchup to his spaghetti
"Ramen this, somen that, I say where are all the hot-men at, amirite boys?" -atm, being racist and gay
atm owns 7 pressure cookers
"this song is very near and dear to me, please be kind" *slams out the worst rendition of Wonderwall you've ever heard* -atm, at open mic night
atm just dropped acid, he's never gonna get that deposit back
ATM eats only the pit.
ATM commissions artists to draw anime girls eating overloaded burgers extremely messily.
Atm likes his comedy like he likes his media, physical
ATM is immune to hot coffee spills.
atm wants a sloppy joe but the Secret Service won't let him get close enough
Atm didn’t get any valentines gifts
atm puts out for Taco Bell
there isn't a wild mushroom that atm hasnt tried to eat
ATM Dangerthrussy (he filled it with spikes!)
Atm is defending a mule in court on tax evasion
ATM's pokemon smash or pass video was just him saying smash for 15 minutes
atm is in a stable relationship with oxygen and carbon
Atm replaced all the Elmer's glue at his school
ATM became a man in the back of a Chevy Tahoe
atm went to Ivy City in DC and was fucking PISSED when he didn't find Ivy the discord user there
atm has a deep deep fear of crabs
Atm started the famous Faces of Atheism movement in the 1500s when he had an artist's rendition of himself posted on the town bulletin board with the following written on it "gOD sux lol"
atm cannot tell a lie which makes what he just said all the more disturbing
atm can communicate telepathically with rats and its a never-ending nightmare
ATM's favorite part of waking up is the slime
atm played cat cauldron on mtg arena so i went to his house and penalized (shot him in the head) for slow play
The Vile Floater enemy in Terraria was inspired by the result of ATM's greasy dinner last night
ATM hosts splatoon matches as his local library.
ATM thinks house music is just banging on the walls.
ATM rocket-ass, ready for liftoff!
ATM's stint in San Francisco was the inspiration for Hong Kong Phooey.
Atm got beat up by a middle schooler last week
ATM thinks CRT means cheesy rye toast
ATM joined Racists Anonymous because of his compulsive hatred of the Irish
ATM thinks CRT is the monitor he keeps in the closet
atm knows where to find the hookers in any town he goes to
"non-binary woke kirby incoming. i bet he’ll absorb a minority or something in this new “video game.” (because inclusiveness) the second that happens i destroy my switch. you’re finished, woketendo." - ATM
atm raided the local vet to stock up on ketamine
ATM is a bad guy with a gun.
ATM likes his coffee like how he likes his Hanekawa, black.
ATM has personally tested the racoon theory.
ATM actually has a pet monitor he keeps in the closet which is named CRT
Atm is actually tsundere for the moon
atm likes magic tricks
Atm thinks cracker is a slur
atm is a brap hog
you'll never guess why atm's hand smells like that!
ATM named his son The Kirkbriarine
atm goes to bars and orders a pint of ketchup, room temp if they have it
Atm asked the maid to draw goatse on his omurice
Atm got banned from Japan and a diplomatic team is still negotiating for the release of the passengers of that train and the release of the train itself from ATM’s rectum. Please give it back, trains are expensive
atm always uses "fresh" "cream" when making "alfredo" sauce for his "spaghetti"
atm aggressively pets animals
atm likes it (toilet paper) rough
Nobody knows how pogged ATM is
atm finally understood polyamory when he was struggling to choose which daki to sleep with last night
Atm owns a weapons shop for parrots called The Pollyarmory
atm hosts a TV show on public access where he rates babies on a scale of "totally sucks" to "chill dude"
Atm throws hard boiled eggs at children hanging out at the playground
ATM calls his mom "girlboss".
atm's parents never grounded him! When he got in trouble they just called the police and told them a strange kid broke into the house and was threatening them with a gun
When atm gaslights people he uses butane
atm has a travel show on CNN where he goes to various places and eats McDonalds. The only foreign country he's been to is Canada.
atm has a sweet dumper
ATM THAT'S NOT HOW YOU PLAY NINE MEN'S MORRIS!!!
"Something's rising and it's not the Leo Moon" - ATM trying to hit on astrology chicks
atm quit his job at Best Buy when they wouldn't give him a gun so he could shoot "shoplifters"
ATM listens to unbirthing ASMR
ATM has been trying to figure out what a "fussy" is. He doesn't know it's an actual word.
atm loves anything with a citrussy taste
atm wanders around crowded areas looking like a tourist hoping a pickpocket will try to pick his pocket and instead of a wallet or phone, the pickpocket will get a handful of sticky, thick wiener and atm will shout "THIS GUY HAS MY WIENER HE TRIED TO PICK MY POCKET AND ALL HE GOT WAS WIENER" while the criminal struggles to get unstuck just constantly jerking off atm's wiener
*driving past the city dump* "yeah I'd bang that" -atm
atm punched a wall because if he can't blow out Venti's back walls then he'll blow out his bedroom's
atm runs one of those twitter accounts that just posts pictures of one anime character
atm can read minds, but only if the person is thinking in Farsi which really made that time he ran into George Bush in the bathroom at an Astros game weird
atm would yell "fuck yeah! Time to absolutely RUIN this diaper!" before shitting when he was a baby
atm got weird looks for trying on leashes at the pet store
atm lists "pokemon breeder" in his resume
Atm has a gland that can produce cat urine
atm produces 4x as much cat urine at night
Atm dressed as sexy hitler for Halloween in 2017
ATM is his own grandpa
atm used to be on the periodic table until scientists agreed to make him the forbidden element
atm can drink 5 times his body weight in water
atm jaywalks backwards
atm summoned the ghost of a French chef and now it won't leave and it keeps adding butter to things atm cooks. Just absurd amounts of butter, stop adding butter!
*atm watching merth get ripped apart by a pack of dogs* "huh, this is kinda fun when its not you getting ripped apart for once!"
atm came here to eat all the food and use his brain juice, and he's all out of brain juice
ATM has a really hard time pronouncing "Ningguang"
atm is a generation creep
ATM thinks top or bottom means which part of the bunk bed you like to sleep on
atm-howe generation theory creep
ATM is being taken to court by the ASPCA  and USDA over his new app, Hamr
Atm once ate a fig newton
Atm once ate newton's fig
ATM's favorite porn tag is hand_holding
Atm killed a man in Reno. His motive is unclear
"Violence breeds violence and I'm violence" - ATM's newest pick up line.
Figs aren't fertilized by wasps, it's atm.
if atm ever dies, he wants all of us to read the atm facts at his funeral
atm has reviewed every Meet n Fuck game
atm subscribes to Black Butts Magazine and excitedly meets the postman every month when the new issue arrives
while its probably just a coincidence that comets are passing closer and closer to Earth, it won't hurt to launch atm into space just in case he's pulling them closer with his raw sexual magnetism
atm is an illegal immigrant, you'll never guess from where!
"and anyway thats just my thoughts no that" -atm, finishing the most horrifically racist and anti-semitic rant you've ever heard
atm has clamnesia, a condition that causes you to forget everything you know about bivalves
atm just barfed up an entire tuna
atm is developing long-duration hard-shell underwater suit to explore the bottom of coastlines based on crab shells
ATM regrets remotely bringing up horses around phat.
atm is working on his 3rd Christian Prog Rock album
atm wants to abolish work from home
atm doesn't play the clarinet, but he likes collecting the reeds
ATM got a worse reputation in high school for drinking the excess saliva up from the brass section after band practice
ATM's nickname isn't "The Human Spit Valve" for nothin'
ATM called me a vile subhuman which is ironic considering HE'S a vile subhuman
ATM celebrates Black History Month by beating the shit out of old white people.
atm's superhero name is "Genital Smasher"
atm's vibrator runs on diesel
atm once ate and digested an entire cruise ship, passengers and all
ATM invented Jeri Curls.
atm DMs people to ask for their age to know if it's okay to bully them
atm once took a dump so big, even the elephants were impressed. The zoo police were not.
atm has a hard time distingushing between the real world and the dream world. Thankfully he found an easy trick to figure out which by looking at how people react when he shouts out a slur
atm has a deep voice so you know what that means!
atm eats his pizza by eating each ingredient separately
Atm eats ass by eating each ingredient separately
atm posted sack on Slack
atm parks on the sidewalk
atm thinks being as annoying as possible is gay culture
atm attends executions because they're surprisingly well catered
Every civilization has a myth relating to ATM.
ATM told Ted Kaczynski about vtubers.
atm is breaking off his engagement with all of the worlds blue whales
atm is peaking! Gather round to hear what he foretells!
apparently, atm's father is not male
atm wants you to pull his fully erect 5" weapon
atm calls all his partners "mom"
atm speaks French with a Russian accent in Canada
atm is one of those Canadian Nazi truckers that goggledog is friends with
atm thought "SSRIs" were Rhode Island Nazis
Atm is a glee fan
Atm claims he's native because he's "1/64th indica"
atm gatekeeps children's TV shows
atm is taking a trip to Africa next Fall
Atm is filing a lawsuit against the FBI for spying on him with his sole evidence being that there's a wifi hotspot near his house named FBI Surveillance Van
atm thinks we should rename Antarctica to Womanarctica
atm took an intro to women's studies class and said on the first day "we should change 'history' to 'herstory'" and immediately got shot by the professor
Atm went to an Asian country and was upset when nobody was fawning over him because he was white
Atm shit his pants in Chili’s
Atm is the reason why the Foggy Bottom TGIF closed permanently
Atm is the town jester (drunk)
Atm will eat just about anything for $5
atm blew Chunks, the bouncer at the local biker bar. He also blew chunks, vomited in the local biker bar
atm is hung like a moose and likes the look of your caboose
Atm is always horny on main even if what he’s saying doesn’t sound horny, he’s getting off on it
atm killing children like <:3cevil:561757235357679631>
atm has a bot autosaving all images posted in the large tits general on /vt/
you won't believe whats in atm's pants! (poop)
atm disturbed the staff by consuming all of the soup
atm darkchungus evolved
ATM älsckar sig en wälslacktad böhg.
ATM's pants are haunted
you'll mam aint frack  || - atm to dog whizzy aka yooz
ATM's superpower is like that of Midas, except whatever he touches turns into clean fresh water. He spends his days swimming in the Ohio state waste management facilities
You can use the navigation arrows on 3d google maps to travel ATM's internal organs
atm's alarm is slaughterhouse noises
ATM gives massages to large birds during turkey season to calm them down
Dam, atm do be fartin 😳
ATM likes his sandwiches dry
atm is not renaming the channels after international women's day because he hates international women
atm hates anything that includes France, as he should
Atm once ran 600 miles in one day just to help a friend move. He's just that kind of guy
ATM thinks b\*\*\*\*v\*\*c\*\*\*\*\* is a racist
ATM wants to get rid of racism by consolidating the world-wide spectrum into a narrower band, removing the available distinctions.
Atm would like to see the penis
Atm eats skub every day
atm spread nasty rumors about his best friend so he wouldn't be able to make other friends
ATM actually knows the rules of cricket.
Atm likes his novels like he likes his beer, light
atm likes his coffee like he likes his novels, light and cream-colored
Atm likes coffee
ATM found an ancient text and performed a ritual to communicate with a demon... who awkwardly responded to "what you doin' emo boy uwu" with "Uhh... yeah... i'll call you back later, ok?"
atm lives in an old Victorian mental hospital
ATM teaches AAVE to space aliens.
ATM has successfully created the world's first gallbladder transplant.
Atm claims he has a guybladder
atm loves all members of this server
Atm isn't sure if he loves all people of this server
atm wrote a Supernatural fanfic where he's Dean and Sam isn't his actual brother and they kill vampires and kiss each other then have sweaty gay sex
despite his best efforts, every hole ATM tries to dig is round and curvy
atm is being stalked by the world's largest earthworm
atm can control the weather
ATM is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be gay
Atm invites women over for “Netflix and chill” then puts on Hetalia VHSs
Atm has an NFT profile pic
ATM has an NFT monkey birthmark
ATM stole my anus
ATM sells sphincter bracelets
ATM is my therapist (he hates it)
You’re gonna need a lot of therapy after you see what atm did to your bed and toilet
Any attempt at rendering atm in 3d usually results in an EMP
ATM's favorite youtube music comments are in the style of "I'm __ years old ~and I love this"
If you shave atm, he dies
Atm looks like his sisters
Atm once got stuck in the oven (he was eating the crud at the bottom) and instead of helping him out his mom just shoved the turkey in with him and turned it on
Atm made extra cash during the summers in high school by being a crash test dummy at the Missouri Discount Institute of Safety
Yeah, atm can probably eat that. Why do you ask?
If you hear atm make chewbacca noises it's because he's watching zootopia porn
Phat: "ATM annihilated my black hole" (the pit where phat keeps his slaves (phat is a race traitor))
ATM loves the wrongfully convicted
atm fell off the wagon again, someone should probably go back for him
ATM has a nu metal cover of Wagon Wheel.
ATM did a Smash or Pass on members of this server and you will not believe the results!
Each of us is a shard of ego from atm after he experienced ego death from doing a lot of drugs
Atm sharted so hard he created the universe
atm just told someone to do a flip, not sure if he's racist or transphobic
Atm bathes in heavy cream
ATM enjoys watersports such as freestyle swimming, water polo, and surfing.
ATM likes his food Haram.
God used His last wish to create ATM, who them immediately shat in God's urinal. That shit is the material world we live in
“Hey girl, wanna smash clams?” -atm, holding a hammer and bag of clams
ATM asks for a giant clam cake every year on his birthday
Atm thinks "Triangle Strategy" is a good name for a game
Atm was never bar mitzvah'd
atm simps for a totally cringe character
atm strongly objects to merth's pro-life beliefs
Atm believes in abortion up to the twelfth trimester.
To say ATM's true name you must say every racial slur simultaneously
bustin' makes atm feel good
ATM peels his fingernails
ATM can't get enough of limp bizkit. It's his only cd, and it never leaves his walkman.
ATM makes day-time curry only
if you ask atm for a drink on the rocks he'll dunk some pebbles into your booze
ATM invented street food, but you're not gonna like it...
atm thinks street food is what black people eat. He's...yeah, yeahhhhhh...
ATM strips trees down and takes photos of them bound up various positions around his home
ATMs is starring in an erotic horror film entitled Silence of the Hams
ATM's Big Ass Muffins just opened in downtown Austin
atm just pooped and now he's scooting his butt across your carpet
ATM wants to spread Pagliacci's boyclussy
atm wishes he still had a tail and that his job had a better maintained copy machine
ATM's favorite movie is Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze
atm always does a land acknowledgement before sex
Believe it or not, ATM is not known in some circles.
ATM has a gambling addiction.
atm has a type but won't tell us if its 1 or 2
atm's nickname in the navy was Union Jackoff
atm ranked the members of this server based on how many loads he thinks their dads had to deposit in their moms before the member was conceived
ATM is banned from all local ERs for drug seeking behavior (he really likes IV Benadryl)
atm gives electro shock therapy to squirrels
ATM has a rambling addiction.
The famous "Elden Ring" is actually ATM's mom's sphincter!
ATM has a complicated relationship with soup.
"When I get home I just gotta open it up and go to town" -atm, after picking up a fursuiter at the furry convention singles mixer
"I don't need a relationSHIT, I just need to hang with my bros and play chill videogames" -atm, desperately and psychotically lonely
atm has a really stupid laugh
Atm likes to grease himself up and run through the park while the police try to catch him
atm stole a police radio and goes around calling in "shots fired" or "officer down" at random to make the cops show up
ATM was baptized in french onion soup
Q: How do you circumcise atm? || A: ||you kick Nancy Reagan in the chin||
atm shaves the hair around his butthole and wiener with a straight razor
if you look atm in the eyes, he'll scream!
atm's big juicy ass was still jiggling 10 minutes after the earthquake ended
Atm enjoys LinkedIn
atm wants a big hunky man to pin him against the wall and confess his feelings to him
*atm boiling hotdogs in chocolate milk* "ok now its time to really spice this dish up!" *dumps half a cup of salt in the pot*
Atm invited everyone over for German stew tonight! Has anyone seen Hans lately?
ATM only awakens when the doomsday clock strikes midnight.
atm's girlfriend just dumped him lmao
ATM after getting a fade at the barber shop: "Now I feel like a proper black man."
ATM has won Eurovision 6 years running.
ATM is known as "The Asiatic Black Man"
atm went back in time so he could show Malcolm X the Black Panther movie
"Ya know, I have never seen phat and Dr. Umar Johnson in the same place at the same time" -ATM
Atm has an unhealthy obsession with a character from a slice of life anime
Atm invented a sport called “baseball hockey”
atm has a goatse wrap on his '97 Honda Civic
ATM's youtube channel has many popular videos such as "League of Legends Cassiopeia Death Sound 10 Hours" and "League of Legends Lux Death Sound 10 Hours"!
atm loves milking cows
Whenever ATM sees a white woman with a dog he takes out a megaphone and shouts "YOU JUST KNOW"
atm had a sex dream about Fat Albert
atm has cute nipples 🙂
atm threw the baby out with the bathwater again, do you know a good plumber?
atm loves his mother, no memes here, atm just loves his family
Atm sure looks cute in his yukata, he hopes his crush notices at the summer festival and watches the fireworks with him
All of ATM's sphincters are haunted.
atm's catboy bf has an anatomically correct wiener
ATM's muslim name is Muhajamat Alqamar.
atm doesn't hate gay people but he sure does hate a lot of gay tropes
atm is known as the Butt Greaser of Brooklyn in some circles
ATM donates his used fursuits to the impoverished.
atm invented another sport called "shockey" where the spectators can electrocute the players
atm doesn't have a racist bone in his body but if you want to keep asking about his basement, you need to come back with a warrant
ATM and his classmates regret his confusion over black-body radiation
ATM had one wish... And now he's the reason we have gaps in public toilet stalls
ATM is very pro-state
ATM is not allowed within a one mile radius of Willy Wonka's factory ever since the Oopma Loompa incident (he tried to unionize them)
ATM runs the company podcast that only 6 people watch.
ATM quotes one particular line from Saturday Night Fever constantly.
Atm is a voluble liar
ATM mixes up Wong Fei Hung and Fei Fong Wong all the time.
atm upcycled a baby doll into a hat!
Atm is the edge between the sacred and profane
atm is edging the propane salesman in the sacred bathroom (church bathroom)
ATM's evil alter ego is strangely really attractive.
ATM is the local weed guy, he does a great job cleaning people's yards.
you're in atm's dms || i have his address || we are not the same
You better start believin' in furry males, you're in one! -atm
atm just told a disgusting joke
*atm injecting blue paint into merth* "I'm making a smerth"
atm brags about buying his rice cooker "straight from Japan" so he can enjoy rice "the proper way with the proper equipment". His rice cooker is a Samsung and barely works because of different electrical standards, you can buy a North American version of it at Bed Bath & Beyond.
atm wrote a "fight novel", its a novel that beats the shit out of you
ATM started a fight club but they all just ended up kissing instead
In an effort to be less vulgar, ATM stopped saying the word 'fucking'. Unfortunately, he started using a very bad synonym (ish) instead
ATM rides the subway with his camelbak full of whole milk
atm misses when you could smoke in Applebee's
atm has country cousins that are just like him but with a different set of stereotypes
atm's underwear is wearing thin
atm is drunk at 7am
atm sells gamer flesh at the local flea market
atm has a part time job at the adult video store
atm's aura is plaid
ATM was Boy George's makeup artist.
ATM thought George Michael was straight.
"God people who buy kpop merch is cringe" ATM said after spending $500 to C3 Zhongli.
ATM was visibly confused and embarrassed when he arrived at a scat singing competition at the local community center.
ATM goes to soccer matches to stab British people.
ATM has a built in spin cycle in his stomach.
As a streamer, ATM offers the GFE (Gluten Free Experience).
atm is a sub, specifically an Italian one
"I'd roast that beef if you know what I mean" -atm, looking at a dog
atm has a beefy wiener
atm learned the hard way that you're not supposed to poop in the experimental military power armor, it does NOT eliminate your waste for you
ATM ran a bakery in Queens, New York that was actually a front for illegal steroids sales.
atm cancelled your favorite TV show
ATM gets very confused when he sees black people on European soccer teams.
atm is classic moe (up to you what that refers to specifically)
ATM is actually not racist, he's just doing a bit!
atm did a smash or pass video of his local police department
ATM is planning on assassinating Joe Biden's dogs.
atm judges books by their covers and its always worked out for him
atm is incredibly horny right now
atm runs a "sexy petting zoo" in his hotel room at furry conventions
I once walked in on atm wearing a wedding dress and crying
atm is big gay
atm thought a CPAP machine had to do with a political conference
ATM brings his own floppy silicone straw with him wherever he goes
atm celebrates his dakis' birthdays
atm got a toilet pregnant but not in the normal way
"love is war and I'm Germany" -atm, ominously responding to a question about how dating is going
"I would" -atm, looking hornily at the State Department
All of ATM's apes are gone, they escaped their cages and are ripping people's faces off!
all of atm's gapes are gone, his boyfriend is away on business
atm doesn't understand large windows and keeps walking into them
the local crows bully atm
atm knows who Mitski is
Atm fucks fucks
atm prefers to eat the whole coconut
ATM is the Vladivostok Viper
atm can't wait to dig up the acorns he buried!
Atm orders warm saltwater when he goes out to eat
atm has a headache, he's probably just a little dehydrated but its possible he has some kind of parasite eating his brain too!
ATM likes his women like his milk, strawberry.
Atm likes his men like he likes his southern poles, cold and inhospitable
Atm writes the inane travel tips that get presented on morning news shows
atm eats all junk mail he receives
Atm got scammed out of a kidney by a waitress from the local Applebee’s
atm sells butt insurance
Atm doesn't love you like that anymore
ATM can speak Basque and Catalan but not Spanish.
atm's dad taught him how to shotgun beer when he was 7
ATM was banned from coaching Little League after it was discovered he was giving the kids steroids.
Atm knows a guy who can get you dope in Atlanta
atm really wants to throw someone off a roof
"dubs not subs" -atm, on what makes a good donk
ATM tries impressing black people by telling them he knows who Gil Scott Heron is.
atm runs a coffee shop that just sells hot brown water with meth in it
atm gets really really really angry if you confuse and "cafe" with a "coffeeshop"
atm can roast, grind and brew a pot of coffee using various parts of his idling '97 Honda Civic
atm once shot a man for serving him a cafe au lait instead of an Americano
atm doesn't respect Starbucks
ATM runs a café where all the staff beats the shit out of you.
you can tell what kind of media atm is watching by what accent he is currently using
Atm actually gets a nose bleed when he’s turned on
Atm mails weird rambling letters to random addresses
Atm hangs out with the old people at the park
atm's street gang turned to organized crime when they started taking Adderall
atm's abs hurt
Atm always does carpentry nude
Atm drinks used motor oil instead of dumping it in the storm drain
atm can shotgun a glass bottle
ATM is a Spanish league of legends streamer.
ATM still hasn't learned Spanish.
ATM thought running around his local Walmart with a katana would make him a "blade runner".
ATM’s dealer is a high school student
ATM got that good good nah mean
ATM’s got an ass that won’t quit, guess he’ll have to fire it and give it severance
"Oh YEAH yeah yeah yeah GRRRRRRR THATS THE GOOD STUFF hooooo baby daddy likey! hnnnnnng" -atm, seeing a pic of Kamala Harris in open toed shoes
ATM calls all monster manuals "husband catalogs"
*atm wrapped tightly in plastic and wriggling on the floor* "ooooo I'm a squirmy wormy, are you a big strong fishy wishy thats gonna eat me oooooo"
ATM’s sexual fetishes are kosher
ATM misses the days when he could hit a professional wrestler in the head with a chair. He still does though.
Atm keeps getting chased out of the Safeway for trying to sleep in the rotisserie chicken hot case
ATM was heavily disappointed when he found out the movie "Coyote Ugly" wasn't about his favorite Looney Tunes character.
ATM travelled to Seville hoping to meet Bugs Bunny.
*Classical music plays* "Oh boy is this a Looney Tunes reference??" - ATM
ATM can and will fuck any monster
the real monsters, that atm will fuck, are all of us human beings
atm is why the local YMCA no longer has a pool
atm steals wheelchairs
ATM likes his salads like how he likes his monarchs, chopped.
ATM likes his salad like he likes his sex, pasta-based
Atm likes his salad like he likes his men; hot, greasy and Greek
ATM is afraid to use the bathroom in the middle of the night because he fears the poop ghost will steal his poop.
atm wants a fox girl in a maid outfit to bite him and give him rabies, in a sexual way
atm thought a dog pound was money for British dogs
atm goes to the beach to catch seagulls for lunch
atm has lice. Like a poor person
atm knows what a Shriner is
atm summoned an incubus and instead of getting his cheeks clapped by a sexy demon that looked like Bill Clinton, a 90s alt-metal band showed up in his bedroom
atm came to see some wiener
Atm can sense and even stop earthquakes and volcanic eruptions
ATM goes to The Kentucky Derby to steal all the huge hats.
atm goes to the Kentucky Derby to steal the ketamine
atm has a face only a mother could love, not his mother but a mother
atm had a sex dream about that one X-Files episode
ATM has a Velcro fetish
Atm salts his Pepsi
ATM boils his blueberry muffins into a soup-like thing and eats it with a spoon
ATM produced the world's first and only sex education video featuring nothing but flightless birds
atm has been mass FOIA-ing government agencies at random until he finds the one that can and will tell him how big Presidents' penises are so he can finally finish the sexy gacha game he's working on
atm's toilet bowl is heated
ATM composes cell phone ring tones.
Every Leap Year ATM records a special jump-it video
Ring of Fire? Is that the chain of volcanoes in the pacific or ATM after eating the atomic level curry
atm is the only weed dealer in town and makes buyers hangout with him for a bit in his crappy studio apartment before he'll sell them the weed. Everyone hates him
ATM will beat you up and scar you for life, in the form of a furry-manifesto tattoo'd on your chest
ATM says "people in glass houses shouldn't have sex before he gets his phone out"
ATM is not someone to be trifled with, for less than $2.99 per video
ATM has written SCP entries for each member of this server.
atm's secret family recipe is just a pound of microwaved cream cheese
atm thought the Oculus Rift was what he did to his boyfriend last night, not a VR headset
atm casted love magic on me ❣️
ATM DJs are college parties.
ATM thought "Ryona" would be a good name for his child. Thankfully his wife thought different.
ATM constantly talks about how good big hits are, but his own critical strike chance is only five percent. What a hypocrit!
Atm quit his job to start a company that makes wacky wavy inflatable arm flailing tube men
ATM wrestled in the 90s under the name "Adam Bomb" he was not popular at all
'Hey you like Putin? Putin deez nuts in your mouth! Lol" - ATM making topical yet ill-advised pick up lines.
ATM doesn't eat meat, just veggies and pussy.
Atm thinks he's hilarious every time he leaves a "fort, night" message in elden ring
ATM is very excited for Jerry Seinfeld's new movie about Pop Tarts.
ATM called phat the n-word, yikes!
ATM only gets his hair cut by George Bruno
atm uses buffalo sauce as shaving cream
ATM's urine has pulp
when god sings with his creations, atm will not be part of choir because he insists he get a keytar solo in the middle of it and god is frankly tired of his shit
Atm will eat anything if you make airplane noises with the spoon. Someone once fed him molten lead with that move
atm is a cuck
ATM misses the old Kanye.
ATM thought Pusha T was someone selling hormones.
ATM thinks "autoimmune disease" mean people can't get hit by cars.
Atm is simultaneously playing every game ever made
ATM once accidentally swallowed the Burj Khalifa
atm's lasagna recipe is considered a war crime but thats a risk you take when you use haunted meat
atm is suing Dreamworks for false information, the How To Train Your Dragon movies were not helpful at all
ATM’s alarm clock is rigged to electrocute him
Atm asks for his steak to be grilled medium-netorare
Welcome to our discord! Enjoy your stay and don't worry, ATM grows on you.
atm has little tiny mouths on the tips of his fingers that can eat things, they can chew through a human skull in less than 10 seconds!
ATM and his rich uncle started a band together.
ATM has GN-001+GNR-001E GN Armor Type-E Diabetes.
ATM's favorite candy is jolly ranchers
ATM draws his favorite vtubers as historical figures, you should see his Pomu Rainpuff as Pope John Paul II!
ATM was a big Real Madrid fan in the 1950s.
ATM sends suspiciously high res photos of Benito Mussolini's execution to Mussolini's granddaughter on Twitter.
ATM invented a time machine. He sends homeless people to Tenochtitlan in the early 1400s.
atm refers to the african american drug dealers in his neighborhood as Hash Browns
ATM thinks the defense of Ukraine is "quite poggers"
ATM is getting a 10-part netflix documentary series titled 'Woefully Unpogged: the ATM Story'
*atm slapping his frog hole* "this baby can hold so many frogs"
Atm makes all the GTA knock offs you see on google play and the apple app store
"the only cooking a man should do is grilling, everything else is for females" -atm, barely able to microwave ramen
atm wishes he was 17 again
Atm takes those "what if we kissed" memes as a challenge. He got in trouble one time when he kissed someone under those suicide catching nets at a factory in China.
atm thinks its weird that they named a state after a Slipknot album
atm keeps getting new curses by breaking into Egyptian tombs
The only "Grace" ATM wants to touch is the Grace of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ
atm built a railgun in his driveway
Atm is afraid of the Easter bunny for a reason
atm has 150 twitter followers and he sends each one an individual good morning message every morning
atm doesn't understand the point of instagram or why you'd bother with the photo filters
atm slipped on the treadmill and got blasted through the wall
atm isn't actually the body, this is a very important thing to keep in mind. Destroying the flesh will not actually destroy atm, you have the separate the atm from the body you see before you in your mind and focus on the true atm.
ATM sneaks into the comfy-space of new cat-moms and joins in the milk party
atm fawty smeww wike poo poo 🤧 🤧 😖 😖 😵 😵 🙀 🙀 💩 💩
Yikes: ATM Is A Chud
ATM invented Sweet Baby Ray's Cathode Tube
atm's sisters are taller than him
atm never pays taxes, he shoplifts to make up for the sales taxes he's forced to pay
"You know who else super smashed his brother?" -atm, youth pastor
atm thinks an "agenda" is an agender person from Boston
"Call me life baby cuz I've got a slice for ya" *stabs himself in the leg and slices off a chunk of flesh* -atm, hitting on whatever the stereotype of a slice of life fan is
atm is bored, someone entertain him
uh oh! atm just went to visit the candy factory and got his hand degloved by one of the machine and not in the sexy way! Hope the EMTs find his flesh before it gets made into a candy bar and shipped to some store where a child will unwrap it and find a still alive and wriggling delicious handskin instead of delicious candy!
Atm wants Batman to choke him to death
Atm is full of food, beat him with a stick to make the food come out
ATM invented consent
ATM loves filler episodes because of his creampie fetish
ATM was disappointed that his folksy cottagecore trad gf was a Nazi.
atm has been going around Texas with a straw and poking it into the ground so he can "suck out oil and contribute to the war effort"
Atm has a private collection of wojaks he made of all of his friends
atm fucks josh groban
"Take a shit through a strainer, call that Pasta di Frogole" - ATM
Atm has bones, but he can't get a boner
atm was part of that trucker convoy that tried to make traffic worse on the Capital Beltway by only going 45-55mph
"I came here to fuck up DC traffic and suck off truckers, and DC traffic literally can't get worse than it is" -atm, in Hagerstown, MD
atm doesn't have pronouns, he has amateur nouns so they can still compete in the Olympics
"Bust a chungus on my wife's grave, call that a sadpog" - ATM
"Bust a chungus when I'm angry, call that a madpog" - ATM
ATM is covered in cat hair but still smells good.
ATM has killed one thousand four hundred eighty eight Nazis.
ATM has a flat ass.
ATM thought "fascists" was a term for a stylish people, that was until he saw the complete lack of drip from them.
Legally speaking, atm is a queen bee. Which makes every place he's lived in a hive.
Atm thinks gay chicken is just giving roosters a manipedi
Atm runs a slam poetry cafe in Washington state called The Spokane Word
Atm claims he's really into pokemon breeding yet he has no idea what EVs are
"I don't know why shinji simply didn't get into the robot" - atm at Gerald Ford's state funeral
Atm has a personal scribe in order to record his daily adventures.
Atm is a poison taste tester for his local sperm bank
ATM is a green slime rapper, call him "Lil Oozie Vert"
ATM went on a blind date with a horse girl and was very excited until he found out she's a boring white woman.
ATM fought the gays
atm wants to get crushed by one of the members of this server, who could it be? <:yiffme:298199829354512389>
My name... is ATM Darkblade. I possess a great yet terrible power. I can kill almost any being, be it angel or demon, in a single blow, but for every kill, I must also kill one female human. I have killed... many.
atm still makes rage comics
atm can compress himself to fit inside most buttholes
Atm is looking for a redhead to give him a handy in his parents’ basement while they watch Lost
Atm likes women’s voices like he likes Star Trek lore, deep
Atm smokes 3 packs a day but not of cigarettes
Atm is truly and completely going insane
Atm has armpit mouths full of teeth that scream and gnash
Atm detonated merth
atm pees on the toilet seat so when he comes back later to shit, he gets the unbridled joy of sitting on a small amount of cold pee
Atm is unburdened with wit
atm is heavily burdened with spit
atm wishes the facts about him were funnier and less insanity covered in poop and tears
ATM was VERY disappointed when he found out shrine maidens don't have sideboob and their pits exposed during his trip to Japan.
atm has a tickling fetish
ATM spit-washes his clothing
"Do what thou wilt is the whole of the law" says atm, shitting in the urinal at Heathrow
ATM used to go by "Wilt Chamberlain" back in the day.
atm puts cheese on his fried rice
Medicare also covers ATM
ATM was responsible for ninja loans and the entire 2008 financial crisis through a series of unfortunate furry-related misclicks online
ATM once lost his soul, resulting in a tortuous production of sleepytime tea and the death of a leprechaun.
atm just shit his got-dang pants
atm hoots and hollers like a monkey when a character on the show he's watching says the name of the show
atm brags about his B+ IQ
atm has a cold and his friend comes over to take care of him! Hijinks ensue and his friend says something romantic but won't remember because of the fever or some shit
atm always vomits on Teslas when he's in LA
atm thinks its kinda funny that the term for what that farm equipment did to his face is called "degloving", like, who wears a glove on their face? haha (atm is in agonizing pain this is nothing like that one movie and he's pretty sure a raccoon stole his face and is eating it)
Atm is roughly 30 years old and single
Atm just crashed his car into the Polish embassy in DC lol
ATM’s back up fursona is the naked mole rat, nature’s most penis-like animal
ATM's experimental fursona is a container of Jif peanut butter
Atm has a fursona, something that is uncritically accepted by everyone or else
ATM's fursona is a little bitch
ATM’s ex-boyfriend Steve commissioned art of his wolfsona eating ATM’s deersona after atm left him for Eve
*atm after eating 37 hamburgers* “oh man I feel a beef queef coming on!”
On weekends, atm turns on Battery Saver mode, making his skin more dim and his speech more slurred
Atm calls himself a cockhold due to how pristine he thinks his etiquette is when he's at the urinals with his homies
Atm wants to fuck USS Missouri. He has never heard of azur lane
Atm knows exactly what he would do with a drunken sailor (scam him with three card monte)
Despite concern from his friends, atm will never drop the hard R from his favorite video file format
atm is only nice to people he wants to sleep with
ATM's only needs one cookbook
atm said he was serving "Canadian cuisine" and when I sat down at the table he placed a live beaver and a hammer in front of me
atm said he was presenting  "Canadian erotica" and when I sat down at the table he placed a live beaver and a hammer in front of me
ATM has read maybe a page and a half of leftist theory. People on Twitter sees him as a beacon of knowledge.
Atm knows a bit too much about the fall of Rome
ATM is stupid lol.
"In this world, it's milk or be milked. And I'm all dried up" - atm putting on rubber gloves
ATM reports adults with Funko Pops to Child Protective Services.
Atm crashed an AA meeting with a ton of booze. He got a ton of pilots to sing karaoke that night
ATM breeds Chocobos.
ATM really wants a gritty reboot of Living Single.
ATM's favorite rapper is Lin-Manuel Miranda
ATM is known as "The Lewis Hamilton of unicycle racing"
"Pump and Dump" is what ATM calls a weekend in San Francisco.
Atm claims he owns the Crown jewels. By that he means the truck nuts on his 95 police interceptor
atm put an ad in Craigslist looking for a "gay sex ogre" and no details on what exactly that is
atm is sending people links to his wedding registry because he's "marrying his black Canadian girlfriend who is real". Weird how all the gifts are things that can easily be resold.
actually, atm does give a crappuccino. Gross.
atm won't shut the fuck up about incest laws
"AAAAAAAAAAAA...AAA...AAA...AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA oh god it hurts oh god oh god oh god this is so painful AAAAAAAA I can feel my flesh melting AAAAAAAA why is it taking so long for me to die AAAAAAAAAAAAAA" -atm, on being burned alive for being a witch (1976, Alabama)
atm is like the Titanic, British
ATM started a curling team where he acts as the stone
Atm always says Barack Obama’s full name and really emphasizes his middle name
Think you can take ATM in a fight? Catch him in the light of a full moon and wussy' about that.
atm's parents tried to have him euthanized after he joined the theater club in high school
atm plays the steal drums, Guitar Center has a picture of him in case he ever comes back
Atm is actually immune to propaganda but he still falls for it on purpose as a bit
ATM is an equal opportunity/affirmative action university.
ATM loves Cottage Cheesecore aesthetic.
ATM shits in his hands to "check the consistency"
atm likes his women like he likes his rice, wild and from Louisiana
ATM has involuntary furry transformation disease
ATM goes to asian markets to make fun of the white people there.
ATM has a role play account where he pretends to be a bystander at the JFK assassination.
ATM goes hard in the paint.
"I don't get simulator games that simulate something you do everyday. Like, what does it actually add to the experience? I can get the real thing anytime I want and its way more fun!" -atm, on Shower With Your Dad Simulator
Atm keeps emailing Questlove pictures of fantasy characters and asking him if they can say the n-word
Atm is beginning to think that woman isn’t tsundere and actually just hates him
Atm lives in a sewer
Atm wants Hatsune Miku to put a cigarette out on his forehead
Atm has unresolved childhood trauma that manifests as weird sexual fantasies
Atm has thoughts and opinions about radishes
Much like a Twinkie, atm is disgusting
ATM starts his raw sexual tension on a high heat to sear the edges before spooning over his herbal butter while it cooks
ATM’s favorite flower is the tulip
Never ask atm "why", the answer is always "sexual gratification"
Atm wants you to come over and watch horror movies on his house boat
Atm keeps sealed jars of his diarrhea in the basement
Atm is jaundiced
ATM has the exaggerated swagger of a black teen.
And God said "Let there be light."... *upon seeing the fleshy bits protruding from ATM's fur-suit, barreling towards him, God said:* "No."... *and the lights went out.*
atm is on the left side of history
"Oh yeah time to make history" - atm, booting his PS Vita
atm fact: when the great baby oil spill of 2022 happened atm was the first volunteer to figure out that if your cleaning brushes broke it was more efficient to finish cleaning your current hunk with your tongue before grabbing a new brush for the next hunk
atm thinks you're all degenerates
atm is also a degenerate
ATM's moon-fluid glistens in the light... UV...
pickled atm testicles is a delicacy in the Florida Panhandle
ATM is known as the "Oda Nobunaga of the Midwest"
atm is a semen lord
atm has a thick Ding Dong
Everyone congratulate atm, he just sold his first forklift!
atm's mom bought a forklift from him
Atm kneads and walks in circles before going to bed
atm lives in a burrow under merth's porch
Atm lives!
atm dies!
Atm won an award for his short story titled "I have no Butt and I must Poop"
Atm was really devastated when he learned smallville is about superman and not a show about his giantess fetish
ATM made bread from his ex-wife's yeast infection.
ATM dreams of being eaten from a skewer like squid by a cute Japanese ogre 👹
ATM fondly remembers the days when Steve Harvey had hair.
ATM is caught between the moon and new york city, he has no fucking idea now he got there.
ATM just moved to New York and wants everyone to know how special regular everyday businesses are.
Atm is always grouchy but in a cute way
ATM is pulling out of Russia.
atm did not pull out of Rushia
atm has some smooth boy flesh
Atm did a fan dub of Uma Musume where the horses say cuss words
Atm is a freaky little sex muffin and he’s ready for a good daddy stuffin’
atm thinks that men who date short women are pedophiles because he likes invalidating women's bodies but in a woke way
ATM runs an illegal go kart operation in downtown St. Louis.
atm runs an illegal petting zoo, one of the animals is just an old guy
ATM stabbed Paul Pierce 11 times only because he despise Boston.
During his stint at Liverpool, ATM was known as "The Butcher of Anfield" as he would stab the opposing team. He's a beloved folk hero around those parts.
atm is the guy who saw the decrepit hulk of a sunken WWII battleship and thought it was reasonable to shove an FTL drive and energy cannon in it then fly it across the galaxy
atm balls are stored in the panhandle
ATM is known as the "Cristiano Ronaldo of Bocce Ball"
ATM doesn't own a can opener
ATM has weekly sword fights in the Publix parking lot.
ATM is a pundit on Trinidadian news channels specializing on local music and food.
Atm makes a youtube video as responses to any comments he doesnt like on reddit
atm has a sexy political stream called "Wonk With A Donk"
Atm has evidence that the covid vaccine is just Bill Gates' sperm
"Sloppy Joes, Sloppy Hoes, God Bless the troops" - ATM 2022
atm has become engorged
ATM wrote an AI that modifies his books to include vivid descriptions of the more mundane aspects of life like brushing teeth and using the bathroom
atm's executioner hood leaves very little to the imagination
new hit battleFilm flick, atm v foid
Atm is prob[le]matic
ATM tried to change his name to Pog Hog
atm buys pineapples by the case
atm was super excited to wear a sailor uniform to his new middle school but come to find out they switched to blazers! He was bullied mercilessly for being different
Atm condenses his own milk
atm strained his back while trying to suck his own dick
atm and his sister were cast as Mary and Joseph respectively in their church's Christmas play
"it's like sex but 3D" -atm
"Stop being wholesome and get some hole" - Pick up artist ATM.
it took atm surprisingly long to realize "IT" was the pronoun and not a movie about information technology
atm switched to swatch internet time many many beats ago
ATM is on Netflix
"the British are coming! The British are coming! By hand! By hand!" -atm, at the American Revolution themed gloryhole lounge in London
I sent atm to the store get a box of Swiss Miss for hot cocoa and he came back with Théa
atm wants to be mummified and buried in the Bass Pro Shop pyramid when he dies
"March Madness" refers to the period of time where ATM's libido is at full force.
Atm has a Hunnic themed Chuck E Cheese ripoff named "Attila the Fun"
atm thinks addiction is a moral failing and that addicts need to accept Jesus into their hearts
Atm loves speculative WWII history, everything from “what if the Nazis had won” to “what if the nazis had won”
atm was arrested for breaking into Tracen Academy to try and steal their ketamine
Atm is wearing a shrine maiden outfit and hanging out in the lobby to see which member of the server that attracts. Like a lobster trap for perverts
ATM dances so hard that each time it jars his brain and he becomes racist or hateful to a new group of people. The first time, he was in the middle of a salsa dip and yelled "Fuck the Irish!"
atm just wants to be a malewife for a hot and rich woman so fucking bad it hurts
ATM didn't know the meaning of "White Day" and boy are we in an awkward situation now.
*ATM walking into a bakery* "tfw no GF"
*atm holding a gun to your head* "can you fart louder than you scream motherfucker?"
ATM breaks into dwarven homes to shave their beards off.
atm is really into Japanese organized crime because "the Yakuza are cool and honorable and clean unlike those [slur for black people], [slur for Italians], [Jewish slur], [Haitian slur], and [Russian slur]". Wow!
atm's buttcheeks have velcro
Atm only goes to public restrooms for number 2. Not simply because of his travel ability but because he doesn't see a point in shitting if he can't leave his mark somewhere
ATM is a lot of terrible things, but at least he's not a Smash player.
ATM runs an off brand Hooters called "Dooters" where it's just a bunch of skeletons playing trumpets.
atm wrote a cookbook of tomato sauce-based recipes for pregnant women called "Prego foods for prego foids"
when atm becomes president, he'll implement voting by male to make sure women can't vote
atm is a cumlet, he only cums, like a teaspoon??
ATM stands for Alien Time Machine
ATM is built different (no feet)
ATM cums in the sourdough
ATM will not reveal the secret to his delicious, uniquely flavored bread.
after pre-ordering the Nenderoid Venti, atm went to the Nenderoid subreddit to ask vague questions about what sized jar you need to hypothetically fit him into
English is not ATM’s first language
ATM’s fleshlight is haunted with the ghost of Queen Elizabeth
*atm bursting into Pope Agapetus II's bedroom* ||  || Atm: Wanna see me a-gape-this? *spreads buttcheeks and takes a violent wet shit on the floor* ||  || Pope Agapetus II: Domine mi, quid est hoc? Quis es? Custodes! Custodes! ||  || Atm: heh heh heh, fuckin' GOTTEM
Atm has a lovely bulge
Welp, atm is off to bed so it’s time to create some fresh hell to greet him in the morning
ATM eats beef jerky sandwiches
Atm won the Nobel prize in farts
ATMs superpower is unlimited orange juice
ATM is doing his part to help Ukraine by airdropping Twinkies and swiss rolls to war torn areas.
ATM got mustang'd
ATM is learning all forms of dance to become the Bee King
atm thinks he can avoid God's judegment
ATM calls his farts "multi-sensory art installations"
**BITCH**: Who are you || ATM: Who'll tf thou
*atm going to the Egypt exhibit at the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts* "yooooooooo, is this a JoJo reference???? pog pog pog"
Atm got reincarnated as a slime in another’s scrotum
Atm thinks congressional budget reports should have more fan service
ATM be like "hEllO mY nAmE iS aDaM 🤪"
atm orders stuff from Amazon gift wrapped so he can feel like someone gave him a nicely wrapped gift when he opens it. It staves off the loneliness
ATM ate the classroom's pet hamster again.
ATM shows his students parts of this server as a way to scare them off the internet.
atm is weird and mean in internet replies and when people tell him to fuck off he replies with jpgs that say "welcome to the internet" in impact font on 90s fantasy art
never play chess with atm, he'll get mad and a piece or six will inevitably end up in his urethra
ATM thinks Stephon Marbury was better than Allen Iverson.
ATM was married to a Kardashian for like 3 weeks, he can't remember which one.
ATM is very good friends with all the divorce lawyers in his city.
ATM prefers the Alien Ant Farm version of Smooth Criminal over the original.
Uh oh! ATM accidentally did some heroin in the Pacific Northwest in the early 90s and created a terrible genre of music.
ATM makes iceberg videos on YouTube
Atm has an unusually large butthole
ATM becomes very angry when they don't ship discreetly.
one of the lesser known variations of ATM's acronymic name stands for Always Touch Merths
ATM is an illegal sax worker, he'd blow that sax anywhere he wants to.
ATM thinks "I'm sorry" in japanese is "I'm screafers 🅱️omennasai"
Atm is too pretty to be sad
Atm invented the concept of race in the 1400s so he could sell humans
atm is an author of christian sci-fi novels focusing on a 27th century atheist author that writes first person cooking novels occuring in the 20'th century
Atm is a hemigod
ATM is still in his MLP/Rick and Morty phase.
ATM resells girl scout cookies for profit
atm listens to audiobooks of manga (the drawings are not described)
ATM has regular vowel moments, the "I" and "U" switches constantly.
L0001 (ATM) || G54 G00 X0 Y0 || G02 X-1 Y0 I-0.5 J0 || G02 X0 Y0 I0.5 J0 || G03 X1 Y0 I0.5 J0 || G03 X0 Y0 I-0.5 J0 || G00 X-0.5 Y0 || G01 Y3 || G02 X0.5 Y3 I0.5 J0 || G01 Y0 || G00 X0 Y3 || M08 || M02 || % ||  || https://ncviewer.com/
Outrage On Twitter As ATM Kills Last Living White Rhino With A Hatchet
atm ate his daughter's fries and it gave her giant multi-century daddy issues
You just came home and found atm naked in your bed, is he a runaway? A prostitute? What is he covered in???
atm always sits if he's in another person's home because what if he lose control of his massive dong thanks to his powerful stream caused by very high T levels and accidentally loses his aim?
atm is literally going insane from his hot burning desire to a big tiddy short stack goblin wife
ATM has to sit to pee because of his chastity cage
ATM's latest porn parody project is My Left Nut
hollywood is too afraid to make a movie about atm's cage
Atm touched my butt
atm was the lead producer of Rocket Power, leading many to criticize the famed Nickelodeon show as "racist" and "kinda based"
"you're in trouble now!" -atm said to his date
"I want to anything at least three times" said ATM
ATM splits wheels of cheese between his thighs for exercise
ATM, in an act of desperation, slipped on the the ring of power and disappeared from sight. The world went grey around him and he could see the white of the Nazguls as they approached. He felt the Eye of Sauron focus on him from great distance and suddenly it was before him. The Eye of Sauron slammed shut and ATM heard a thundering "No!!!!!!!!" as Sauron's focus narrowed on ATM's crotch.
atm can name all the Popes
"ugh when is this gonna have a beach episode or something" -atm, watching How Its Made
ATM talks a lot of his struggles (his parents making him eat his vegetables) growing up in the hood.
ATM put a funny hat on his pet mouse and named him "hood rat".
ATM grew up with Nelly and ghost wrote Country Grammar.
ATM runs an anime aesthetics page where he just posts screenshots of the Namek arc of DBZ.
ATM Darkblade was arrested for tax evasion.
ATM is a grown ass man who still lets his parents speak on the phone on his behalf.
Good Smile Company is finally releasing the official ATM® Nendoroid! It's the only nendo possessed by an ancient demonic spirit that will say specialized slurs depending on your location.
ATM runs a role play account where he pretends to be Sisyphus's boulder.
ATM's palms are darker than the back of his hand.
"Call me Sammo because I'm Hung" - ATM
ATM taught a Peking Duck how to sing opera.
ATM makes throwaway accounts with which he posts things like "Who's this ATM character I keep hearing about?" and "Why does everyone keep saying ATM is the coolest guy ever?" to r/OutOfTheLoop
ATM literally can not enjoy a falafel ever again
If atm was a dota hero he'd be pitlord
ATM's pornhub username is "Pitlord"
Atm has at least 35 skeletons in his closet.
Atm... BIG gay???
Atm claimed the hit and run was due to him being fucked up on "merthamphetamines"
when atm went to get his covid vaccine, the screener person asked him if he's bee experiencing any abdominal pain and he lifted his shirt and said "hey little daddy I'll show you 8 reasons why I have abdominal pain ;)"
the only two channels atm uses on any given Discord server are the porn channel and the politics channel
*atm after knocking over some petri dishes at the bioweapons research facility* "Talk about cancel culture!" *starts vomiting blood*
atm salts his eyeballs just to feel alive and achieve orgasm
Atm thinks eurobeat is a genre of music to fight Italians to
Atm is an all around awful sensory experience
Atm really wants to know if it’s still a hate crime if the victims are Italian
atm has taken credit for the full moon for the past 12 years
ATM sells passes to watch people pee on Thatcher's grave
ATM says Jher killed Jesus
"if it makes my wiener happy, its porn" -atm, on what belongs in the food channel and what belongs in the porn channel
ATM got his shorts on, but had mistook it for PEE class
ATM physically can't dab
atm doesn't understand what people mean when they call him a clown on Twitter for his Metal Gear opinions, being a clown is a proud and honorable job but these people are being really mean
Atm just plopped a Boehner
Atm is racist but he’s also gay so they cancel each other out
ATM’s brain is more theoretical than practical so to keep his head balanced, he fills his skull with chicken nuggets
ATM makes his own scratch-n-sniffs
Atm found the best way to milk goats is to make them listen to Linkin Park
ATM went to Ethiopia to steal the Ark of the Covenant.
Atm thought that THOT meant That Horsegirl Overtaking Teio well into his 50s
ATM REALLY misinterpreted what the "Hanging Gardens of Babylon" meant.
ATM's parents never really disinfected and washed his baby bottles probably and it explains why he is the way he is today.
ATM has a Tauren Paladin named Holyców
atm announces to the group chat when he's masturbating
"there's nothing like the bliss of hitting the showers after multiple hours of smashing cocks" - atm in a post-match interview at a badminton tournament
Atm thinks Coco Melon has gotten too political
atm hates the cartoon fox used in my pen tablet software ui <https://i.imgur.com/ZhCo1Nl.png>
Atm covered the north wall of his room in pictures of anime women looking disgusted
atm went through a phase where he exclusively referred to himself in the 2nd person
Atm is a fuckin weirdo
Atm can reproduce the lovemaking sounds of at least 179 different animal species with amazing accuracy
ATM's real name is Adam M\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*. ATM's REAL real name is ATM Bitchfucker.
ATM is a fuckscout from dimension P
atm makes maximum annual contributions to his Roth IRA account in order to build a strong nest egg for retirement. Cringe.
ATM can pee from his nose
ATM can shit from his nose (gross!)
ATM is worth 67 japanese yen
ATM be like heart eyes emoji when he see a brap hog
ATM searches porn sites for "SEX VIDEO"
ATM is sleepy
ATM thinks he's "on fleek", LOL
ATM's favorite rapper is Josip on fleek
ATM invented dragonforce
ATM invented playing the guitar with your penis
ATM invented playing the guitar with *your* penis
ATM is currently eating mustard
ATM is the mustard monster
ATM's favorite drink is the Mustard Monster, a drink made from 1 part mustard and 1 part Monster Energy Drink
ATM is full of hair
ATM doesn't flush
ATM shits in the bath
ATM doesn't like gay pickles
ATM likes whipped cream
ATM boutta jack off
ATM converted to Islam in hopes of obtaining 72 virgins in the afterlife, little did he know Allah blessed him with that already in form of this server.
ATM's favorite Zelda enemy is the Darknut
ATM Darkblade isn't allowed within 500 feet of any Arby's.
ATM once keysmashed for fun and now the entire country of Poland has a bounty on his head
ATM vapes indoors
ATM is secretly a shoujo mangaka????
ATM is responsible for council culture
ATM eats dry spaghetti dipped in sauce
Atm is a huge supporter of pubic transport
ATM giving some major problematic vibes rn!!
ATM still says "sage" on bad posts online.
Despite all his rage, ATM is still just a rat in a cage
ATM wishes Disney made a movie about generational trauma relatable to him.
ATM 80s rap name was "Fart Master Flex"
ATM was won a few daytime Emmys.
Paint watches ATM dry
atm looks fondly on the time in elementary school when he used to have to diagram sentences
ATM drinks lightly whipped cream
Atm is making fucken Mac n cheese AND NOBODY CAN STOP HIM
atm is banned from his local public library after he loudly asked several people who they thought the "Best girl" was at the front counter
Atm is banned from his local KFC after he tried to break into the freezer with Mason jars saying he wanted to "preserve his seed for future generations"
Atm goes to comedy clubs in blackface hoping he can go viral by filming a Kramer moment
ATM offers Cursed N Word Passes. These passes allow the user to say the N word as much as they please but they must also face the struggles of a black person living in America.
Atm called me gay :(
Atm called me gay :)
"excellent point Madam Senator, can we please see your feet?" -atm, in reply to every tweet from Amy Klobuchar
ATM makes yearly pilgrimages to Mecca on foot.
ATM's fat ass got stuck in the Chesapeake Bay and is now getting pinched by the blue crabs.
Atm puts heavy whipping cream in his coffee
ATM thought "tit fucking" was watching birds mate.
ATM makes urinal trick shots and approaches strangers with his top hat for taking donations
"Dexterity-Knot Crystal Tear? More like Blaidd's Knot Tearing My Asshole!!" - ATM on Elden Ring
ATM makes chocolate that looks like dogshit and then he leaves it out on the sidewalk and eats it off the ground when people can see him, but sometimes he gets it wrong and eats actual dogshit
atm owns an evil German-Latin pop corner store called the Nega Lou Bega Bodega
atm is very concerned about crime in his wealthy suburb
atm thinks all urban parking should be free because he pays taxes
atm successfully lobbied against a school bus stop on his street and instead forces neighborhood kids to walk a mile through his sidewalk-less suburbs, 4 children have been hit by cars this month because of it
atm mercilessly harassed the parents of a child who was killed by a driver who ran a stop sign because the parents wanted better infrastructure and he wanted free parking and no traffic lights
ATM be like "You'll GRARNS ain't frack" and then get upset when you call him racist
Atm has watched enough bad crime shows that he learned how to hack the federal reserve with a gui he made in php
atm used video that clearly showed cars rolling through a stop sign as "proof" that the enforcement camera was ticketing people that actually stopped
atm is afraid of PG county because its "the ghetto" despite it being one of the richest counties in the US
ATM wrote the rapey parts of Grease
ATM is campaigning hard for his proposal to spend city resources on permitting the homeless to walk through car washes free of charge
ATM uses humane mouse traps so he can set them upon the fancy hotel down the street.
ATM farts move the doomsday clock by 10 seconds every time.
"I may be problematic, but I'm not a Nazi!"   - ATM on trial for murder of one of his ex-wife's. He was found innocent on all charges.
they say "dress for the job you want, not the job you have" but atm's manager at Red Lobster sent him home to change out of the space pirate costume and back into the dishwasher uniform
ATM was a member of Die Antwoord in 2009.
ATM is trying to start a Midwestern K-pop group.
ATM has militarized the koalas to start a new war against the emus.
ATM learned necromancy to revive Margaret Thatcher so he can kill her again.
ATM really rustled some jimmies.
atm localizes the name "7 Eleven" for non-American audiences
atm jumps whenever the elevator he's in reaches the bottom floor in order to absorb the fall
atm thought "Empire State of Mind" was about brutalizing Africans, not New York City
"Honestly I don't see what the big deal about the Belgian Congo was" -atm, on stage at a Kwanzaa celebration
ATM's favorite meal is chicken sushi with uncooked rice and a raw egg with the shell on.
ATM likes when Gawr Gura's fans give her nicknames like Gundam Galapagos and Guard Gulag
Atm tours the country in a semen collecting bus he nicknamed the "suck u bus"
atm thinks the real political divide in America is ass guys vs boob guys and the "democrat vs republican" and "rich vs poor" and "white vs non-white" is all a distraction
atm's favorite airship is water
ATM gives heroin freebies to 14 year olds
atm always played the dog when he played house with his sisters which was weird cuz there wasn't a dog in the TV show
atm is an internet culture advisor for Law and Order
atm put supergauntlet's Pickle Rick figurine in his butt
atm has delusions of gander
atm is adamant that "the" should be counted as a word when sorting alphabetically
ATM invited his friends to a meetup at his new place so they can help build furniture.
ATM’s friends are suspiciously all compatible organ donors
ATM eats only poop flavored jellybeans.
@ℒℯ 『atm』 gets yelled at
atm keeps calling 711 to try and racially harass the owners of his local 711 but instead gets the public service for assisting hearing impaired people to make phone calls
ATM likes to refer to himself as the "White Rick James" because he does a lot of cocaine, has jheri curls, and hangs out with Eddie Murphy a lot.
Atm is quite nutritious
atm is ethnically non-monogamous
ATM just pissed himself, letting out a rancid shart
ATM's shits are absolutely rancid!
ATM hides coins in his balls
Me: bla bla peepee poopoo || ATM: vile || Me: bla bla chungus scrungus fungus || ATM: vile || Me: interracial marriage, || ATM: vile
ATM is the lesser god of things-that-get-stuck-to-the-roof-of-your-mouth. Really dry breakfast biscuit? That was him. Peanut butter? Him; includes dogs.
atm sleeps in for 15 hours each morning
It took a number of years for ATM to realize a homophone wasn't an apple product.
ATM goes to Skilled Nursing Facilities to make sure things smell right. He sniffs at SNFs.
ATM never learned how to hold a pencil properly because the New York City public education system is dog shit.
ATM plants Bradford Pear trees all over his neighborhood because he wants to be helpful.
atm pronounces "Paris" like a jackass
atm rules by divine left
atm is fbi and has a warrant to search your premises uwu
Elden Ring spoilers: ATM caused ||The Shattering|| by ||sharting|| on ||The Erdtree||
Atm turned the demon lord into a “semen lord” and saved the kingdom if you know what I mean
Atm always diagnoses his doctor during his routine check-up
It's nearing April, meaning atm is getting ready to bust out the Christmas music
atm replies "mid" to any tweet that mentions any anime thats not Attack on Titan or Demon Slayer
Atm is a lumberjack because he jacks lumber from the local sawmill
Atm makes Hina dolls of all of his past sexual conquests
Atm misses Ryon facts
Atm dresses up as Reptar from rugrats and goes to truck stops hoping to get some action
Atm is a one man army
Atm thinks prosecution and prostate have the same roots
Atm firebombed the IGN offices for refusing to talk about the censorship of vagina bones
"oooh Indonesian! not In those knees, Shaun"- ATM after breaking merth's kneecaps again while trying to decide what to eat for dinner.
Atm keeps a white phosphorus grenade in a glass case that reads "in case of white women"
Not a single witness showed up to court for the ATM hearings. How strange!
Atm always volunteers to be the bride at gay weddings. He even brings his own gown
ATM's favorite beach episode is the Normandy landings
ATM wrote a porn fic about Gold Ship so the yakuza broke his hand
"you know what they say, Black don't crack!" atm, to his CIA friends in 96
"Civil rights means civil lefts!" atm, on MLK day 2009
Atm brags about being able to pronounce and spell his favorite British sauce correctly (it's hp sauce)
atm isn't, you know, but if he could become a *gestures*, you know, with out any actual effort or time commitment he totally would
atm likes to over-analyze jokes at the detriment of everyone else's enjoyment
Atm keeps a spreadsheet where he ranks all the women in his workplace on different factors to gauge their dateability objectively
ATM keeps referring to black people as "Drow" and it's confusing everyone.
Atm has a bachelor's in marketing
ATM got Jungle Fever, if he doesn't get to a doctor soon the infection will spread and kill him.
atm only hangs out in the anime channel on his local Discord server because it has significantly better vibes than the rest of that dump
atm likes his farts like he likes his senators, old and foul
ATM wears latex gloves at night just in case
Atm thinks Worms Armageddon is a sequel to dune
ATM thinks "Spice Girls" refers to the Bene Gesserit.
Atm is the male version of a female himbo
ATM thinks "rice burger" is a slur for asian-americans.
Atm can gut a fish with a spoon
atm looks fondly on the time he considers to have been the golden age of Source Film Maker porn
ATM is a PurrrMootation
ATM calls latin americans "mexican or mexican adjacent"
"mmm gimme that tight bird gizussy" - ATM, ordering gizzards from KFC
Atm has a favorite oil company
Shortly after atm falls asleep, the rats that infest his home emerge and cover him like a blanket. They leave before he wakes up.
ATM microwaves his boyfriend's cum before swallowing it
ATM is for Asymmetric Trombone Massage
"I tip my fedora when ordering bacon at Jewish delis" - ATM
atm is the final boss of his local dump
"16 is just cool 19" - ATM on the age of consent
Atm thinks we live in ur mom
ATM commissions artists to draw all the First Ladies as goth girls.
atm doesn't actually dislike fantasy, he just dislikes his introductions to the genre being Harry Potter and bad DnD campaigns
atm made a Bioshock mod that gives the Big Daddies Big Dad Ds
atm just farted out his ASS
atm defeated a powerful wizard and the only loot it dropped was pamphlets about miscegenation
Yeah, I go to IHOP: || Infinite || Hatred || Of || Persians || - racist atm
ATM loves Ohio
ATM takes his dates to high end Ohio-style restaurants
Atm is not suitable for children
ATM invented British
atm collects vintage asbestos
ATM picks his nose in public and flicks them at teenagers.
ATM committed hundreds of war crimes for the Croats, Serbs, Bosniaks, *and* Kosovars.
Atm asks people on twitter to "prove their own mortality"
ATM told Alexis Onhanian to add comments on Reddit posts
atm is mean to everyone because he believes life is cursed and profane
ATM once had a problem with green beans, but he still sneaks a few from time to time
ATM likes to spice up his cup noodles by using orange juice instead
atm's a nihilist, but not in a cool way, he just literally believes nothing at all
ATM is like Air Supply, making love out of nothing at all.
ATM's pro wrestler name is "Gaijin Gringo"
Atm lives in the binding liminal plane that holds reality together
atm invented no-bake quiche
*atm watching someone make armpit farts* "wow I wonder if this is gonna lead to a life-long fetish"
atm vomited on goggledog
Atm got transported to the “demon continent” (Europe) after getting caught in a “magical calamity” (ICE raid)
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is winning some awards
atm does not give a shit about the academy awards. The only academy he cares about is the Luna Nova Magical Academy
ATM is so old he repeats the same jokes regularly and forgets he's already told us things before
atm is seismically stable
Atm has a urinal in his living room
ATM has an all purple suit from the Steve Harvey collection and he is ready for the family Sunday cookout.
Atm is NOT invited to the cookout
ATM slapped Chris Rock for beating him at MTG
ATM can fit a half dollar in his ear hole
atm's favorite actor is jesse eisenberg
ATM has been cast, from many things
ATM is the CEO of Intel
ATM believes merth is the reincarnation of his great great grandfather, and is on edge during every interaction to see if he's noticed that he knows
ATM is a whole whore.
atm's ideal partner has 6 wings and 4 faces
atm is committing capital crimes in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Kentucky, Mississippi, Oklahoma, and Tennessee in the hopes he'll get caught and sentenced to the most orgasmic death he can imagine because honestly the car battery just doesn't do it for him anymore
The Navajo are not allowed to speak about ATM.
"I grow bored of this existence and this form, it is time for me to metamorphosize into a new body and become infinite" -atm, shortly before turning into a comet
Atm drinks orange juice
dam, atm do be putting all his eggs (testicles) in the same basket (your boyfriend's mouth) doe
ATM calls Nijisanji steamers "nijjers"
*atm walking in wearing a Joker costume with the ass cut off the pants* "wanna see a magic trick?" *slams giant suction dildo onto table*
"I like my coffee like I like my dick: in your boyfriend's asshole" - ATM
Atm is not straight
ATM is a bent copper
atm is a pog CHUMP
Atm led the Salem Witch Trials. Luckily the townspeople never found out he was a werewolf clearing out the competition
atm is no longer welcome at his local Walgreens
"this isn't poggers! this isn't poggers at all!" -atm, fighting in a war
atm produced a 24 episode anime where all the characters are members of this server as cute anime girls playing up classic anime tropes that fit their real life personalities and actions. ask him about who you are in it!
ATM thinks "gulab jamun" is a Dune reference.
Atm watches Fire Force for the boy feet
atm wears a merthkin
atm calls his parents "mom" and "dad" in public and they wish he didn't
You won’t believe where atm was hiding that!
atm doesn't wear clothes, he just spray paints his body
atm was on the debate team and student government in high school, surely this means he's going places! (shoved in lockers)
atm has a "virgin killer" sweater, its not the sexy kind its just a normal sweater that keeps trying to strangle him
atm invented a ray that can turn people into furries (its actually real unlike the communist hangover ray) but his plan to turn American diplomats into furries was foiled when the State Department wouldn't issue him a passport because "your birth certificate is from 1843, you're clearly dead".
atm is in his 20s and still holds high school grudges (he hasn't actually graduated yet)
"Spoiler alert, Jesus dies lol dab let's go play smash instead" - ATM as a youth pastor
Atm goes to the mcdonalds drivethru for fun. He doesn't even order anything
atm thinks people that post Genshin memes when they've never played the game are doing stolen valor
Atm was procedurally generated
this fact is unique to atm and does not apply to anyone else
Atm can use all the different supplexes
ATM gets heated whenever hentai artist draws his favorite characters doing things "out of character".
"if its brown, let it drown; if its yellow, let it mellow" -atm, racist lifeguard and water conserver
the aliens love atm more than any other
ATM thinks the Anglo Saxons invented and play the saxophone
ATM thinks Roxanna is better than Africa.
ATM sells Michael McDonald dad weed.
Atm actually knows Dr Hans Jerkov
ATM misses The Oprah Winfrey show.
ATM can't tell the difference from a femboy and someone suffering from malnourishment.
Atm thinks his IQ is 143 because an online test told him so
ATM is so sexy to pandas, it's the reason they refuse to breed anymore
atm is a power bottom for sure
atm is hiding the Mariana Trench
ATM has been tweeting very passionately about Nigeria's 2022 World Cup qualifier match against Ghana, but it pales in comparison to his tweets about their 2010 match versus Germany!
atm just farted on his crush
Atm wishes people would stop throwing rocks at him when he walks down the street
Atm plans to leave this world like he entered it, early and unwanted
Atm likes to imagine rats wriggling through the rotting, yet still able to feel, flesh of his carcass. It relaxes him!
Atm wants Mordred to bite him hard enough to draw blood
Atm organizes toddler balance bike races, it’s adorable
atm knows every tom and jerry episode by heart
*smelling a foul odor and seeing animals fleeing as the sky darkens* "uh oh, looks like atm is horny again!"
atm has a lot of raw sexual energy that the FDA says is fine to consume as long as its kept below 40F
atm can recognize white women appraoching by their smell
ATM has a pet white wombat
atm teaches English to Minnesotans
atm's 6P isn't even upper body invuln
ATM would dress up as a deer every Christmas and open his presents with his pretend antlers, which took forever
atm's sexual desires are *licks lips* quite predictable
atm thinks about goggledog a lot ❤️
atm should be asleep by now but he's afraid of what the night will bring (its rats)
atm is re-watching Gabriel Dropout instead of sleeping
Atm has a swamp ass, complete with a full ecosystem and frogs native only to his left cheek
"actually its a tidal marsh" -atm, whenever anyone calls DC a swamp town
Atm found a phat +5 and the stats were so good on it that he sold the old one for scraps
atm heckles the actors during plays (they're elementary schoolers)
Atm misunderstood the meaning of "buying the dip" and is now stuck with 300 gallons of ranch
Atm keeps his phone at 69% charge at all times
Atm got in a fist fight with a mall Santa elf
Atm sure is a cutie patootey
ATM only eats the biggest hot dogs!
Atm once swallowed a sea slug whole, earning him the nickname of sea slugger
Atm knows where to find sailors in Yokosuka
ATM once used a just out of the microwave hot pocket as a fleshlight
ATM: "I'm gonna jump!" as he stands on the public pool diving board. (He can't swim)
atm got stuck in a cave while out filming a youtube video with his uncle
atm forgot the alamo
ATMs always carries his duffle bag into the toilets with him
The reason most cultures have their own versions of dragons isn't because of fossils, it's actually due to ATM's shadow puppet world tour
atm has never had sex while watching Twilight and it shows
atm supports Alsatian independence
atm makes his kinks his entire personality
atm has never been in love
atm has never been loved
atm puts the "love" in "degolve"
ATM is very obnoxious about his love for opossums.
ATM worked as a wrestling heel in 1970s Memphis. He was known as "The Soviet Sex Machine" and it was a well received gimmick at the time.
atm posts his address on 4chan to see what shows up
ATM tells artists he commissioned to make his fursona so sweaty that it's more comical than erotic.
atm has a youtube channel called "Low(budget, poly) Poly Budgets" where he uses low polygon animations to discuss polyamorous lifestyle and dating on a low budget
Annoying 17 year old: umm, i'm literally neurodivergent and a minor... || ATM: umm, i'm literally neurodivergent and attracted to minors...
ATM doesn't know what I'm capable of
ATM is capable of yogurt
The weak fear the strong, ATM fears the weak
The state of Missouri has been rangebanned from Yahoo! Answers, Quora, reddit, 4chan, 8chan, editing wikipedia, kiwifarms, somethingawful, and farmersonly. I wonder why!
ATM funged his own token
atm was built using overnight parts from japan
ATM bleaches his tail
atm was built using overnight pants from japan
ATM runs at 13khz
As a child, ATM's friends walked in on him while he was pretending to cook himself in a giant makeshift wok
ATM hides at least 3 boiled eggs on him at all times
atm changes the wallpaper of his coworkers to harcore vore if they leave their computer unlocked
ATM got a HOT coffee
ATM started his own wine brand called Grape Culture
ATM likes mayonnaise on his raisin bagels
ATM learned magic, gaining the title of Master Orificer
ATM orders Doordash and Uber Eats during tornado warnings and makes the drivers race to see who will deliver his food first.
atm has the top rated review on steam for Pussy 2
atm always carries a bottle of ketchup in case he gets to suck some toes
atm is such a good ally that he won't wish me a happy trans day of visibility to pretend he can't clock me
atm thinks merth's love of cops stems primarily from his favorite color being blue!
ATM has a Spotify playlist called Blues Lives Matter
ATM makes asmr videos using his mooning fork
the clapping of atm's ass is what caused pangea to split up
ATM brings leaves bags of candy labeled "free" and fresh baked cookies at gyms and health-related locations in his area (Ohio)
ATM goes euggghhhhh and ahhhhhhh and woooooooowwwww
ATM has the power to manipulate bones!
ATM is an even man, perfectly symmetrical!
ATM was a lesser god, ultimately creating Ohio, banding together all other deities to cast him down.
ATM is a Nintendo product. And you're being sued.
If you use a GameShark on ATM he can have infinite lives and money
ATM is only subscribed to YouTube channels that makes HR videos for businesses.
Atm will shoot you in the face
Atm is an AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
ATM gifts the sky, call him a cloud wrapper.
"Oh, your a foid? Name five men your subservient to" - ATM
Atm is a trained paralegal. He's represented hundreds of ghosts.
ATM launched a PETA campaign with the slogan "I'd rather be thirsty than drink cum"
atm pee pant lol
Atm has been trying to prove the "cuck paradox" for years. All he needs is a cloning machine and a wife
ATM divorced Shub-Niggurath and left the 1000 young exclusively in her care.
Atm is the president of his neighbourhood's tiger watch
Atm has a contact who will release Obama's last name to the public in the event that he fails to contact him every 48 hours
ATM accidentally renamed all of his video files .mpreg
Atm is ideal bf and ideal gf
atm is ideal friend
atm is the Public Universal Friend
atm was a notorious cheater for the reading olympics at his middle school
atm is both handsome and handsy
atm got the king of jump rope the first time he tried final fantasy 9
atm always finds the most problematic corporations to buy from
ATM's gamer tag is Semenmongrel
ATM has a super-anti-hero alter ego called Doktor Flogiston who burns women alive
atm big gay hahaha i put a post-it note in his locker that says so
ATM was screwing around with some friends at lunch time and fell from a walkway and broke his arm! (oh no!) So his friends took him to the nurse. They called his parents to bring him to the ER but the nurse told him he was probably gay and when he got to the ER the doctors confirmed that yeah he was gay.
ATM thinks furries are actually a sign of society reverting back to pre-history religions and pagan stuff
ATM is always in the mood for an omelette, especially with good cheese and some nice veggies. He also likes omolettes.
ATM always sneaks a thirteenth egg when shopping to appease the baker god.
ATM clips his toenails in the bath
ATM loves chicken tentacles and always asks for them
ATM invests 10% of every paycheck into coupons
ATM drinks the local deer
Fracking is actually a cover story invented by the government to hide that ATM has been going on a rampage with his newly grown man-deer horns
atm refused to sign the emancipation proclamation
ATM authored the lesser known magna farta
ATM still plays Kantai Collection.
"have you tried not being gay?" - atm, to the Wendy's cashier who refused to give him extra bbq sauce
The country code to call ATM is +69
atm thanos snapped r/place
ATM got a crush on the Wendy's drive-thru employee and ended up buying $120 worth of food and going round-and-round for 3 hours
atm's brief stint as a lawyer ended when he tried to claim his client didn't commit first degree murder because "it was at least 75 out the day he killed her"
ATM is always loudly denying in public that he's on the lookout for huge dominating women
ATM sells deer hallucinogenics
ATM is trying to make anime openings and endings longer and longer until the content disappears
Atm greatly misunderstood the rules to Survivor and his season had to be cancelled after he got ahold of his tribe's machete
ATM mints bible verses on the blockchain.
"finna stretch this pussy out" - ATM the cat masseuse.
ATM named his daughter Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way
if you see a zebra smoking a fat dart, it's because atm snuck into the zoo and gave the animals drugs, again.
Every month, AtmBox sends you some real fucking unholy shit in the mail. Just absolutely horrifying and impossible to get rid off. With offer code ATMFACTS you can save 25% off of your first 6 months !
ATMs considering changing his name to Jizzt Ho'Urdan
atm dabbed on y'all
ATM coats his chicken in wanko bread crumbs
Atm stands for "armpits, toes, and mustaches", ATM's three biggest fetishes
atm is a suspicious person
someone left ATM unattended at the subway and the alarm was sounded
atm, for his own nefarious purposes, invented barbeque sauce, but he won't tell us exactly why.
The myth of Rapunzel is actually the myth of ATM, inverted. It was about trapping ATM in a deep bore-hole via his butt hair
"Yeah, I love SCP: || Shit || Cum || Piss" || - Adam "ATM" Blontblonglery
whenever jazz music plays atm dances with his booty
ATM is actually an alien, actually the one on the ship that's been responsible for experiments on the abductees...
ATM is incredibly British
Atm eats footlong subs in a single bite
ATM eats 2 loaves of banana bread a day.
ATM has tinnitus that just repeats "Do something gay!"
"Et tu, Brute?" *as ATM made the ahegao face.*
atm restores items he finds in the dumpster for his youtube channel. Tune in next time as he attempts to restore a used tampon
ATM finally found a woman who is interesting, loving, and has great chemistry with. Too bad he has to divorce her or else the demon who gave him a water bottle that is never empty will murder her.
ATM combines honey with his belly lint to create and hide all truffles in France
ATM is the god of room-temperature milk
ATemineM
ATM loves asparagus so much that when he's not the one eating it he gets angry and makes your pee smell
ATM's favorite Dark Souls boss is Ceaseless Discharge because of how relatable it is
Atm thinks asexuals are sexually attracted to him because his name starts with "a"
Atm discovered the Nag Hammadi Library
atm is hotter than any take
Atm runs on an NT kernel
Atm receives multiple death threats per day
ATM caused your fungal infection
ATM gave you a fungal injection
ATM says "you got crabs" when he delivers seafood
ATM's shithole is full of spiders
At the end of a rainbow is ATM's spread cheeks
ATM says if you want to be his lover, you've got to get with his friends
ATM loves crabs; But he starts relationships with married crabs for the thrill. It's awful.
ATM is the leading historian on Goatse and knows the identity of every Lemon Party member.
Atm thinks pop tarts are ravioli that's why he's always covered in tomato sauce after breakfast
Atm is an armpit sniffer
ATM is preparing your order <:GiscorTongueWinkingEye:602349304073551901>
You can play ATM like a drum
ATM is responsible for filler episodes
ATM's Reddit alt was NickWasHere09
ATM thinks "Celtic Knot" refers to an Irish furry
Atm shit himself to dodge the NFL draft
ATM makes glue from horsees
ATM dodged the draft by pretending to be a little on twitter
atm milks chulls as a side job
Atm is an android from another timeline
ATM has the mega SG in it
ATM's, uh, "virginal cunt" is up for sale it seems, bidding starts at $40
atm cancelled dark crystal
ATM's rectum is used to smuggle a wide variety of contraband, including old Super Nintendo cartridges
Atm has a tramp stamp that reads "this machine does not know the difference between metal and flesh"
Atm has campaigned to repeal every single amendment at different points in time
ATM offers his handkerchief to people and demands they return it right away
Atm puts the "fun" in underfunded mental health programs
ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in  "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in "ATM puts the "ATM" in ...
ATM puts the "cum" in "your boyfriend's asshole"
atm is ceo of deerboi
ATM shits on his phone
ATM's favorite spice is "beper`s gayenne" (his english is terrible)
atm has a collection of candles he made that smell exactly like his favorite vtubers' sweat
atm stores his cellphone in his foreskin for obvious reasons
Atm has heads on spikes in front of his house. If you ask him about it he'll claim they're not human heads
ATM's favorite spread to put on toast is tar
ATM's farts can put anything smaller than a polar bear to sleep for 6 hours
ATM's meatspin record is in the 13 digit range
Atm is banned for life from the American Water-polo Association for drowning too many horses. This is unrelated to regular polo as he does not know what that is
Atm associated himself to a group of crows so that he can claim that him being an accomplice to murder is just a misunderstanding
Atm goes to anime cons dressed as an atm that reads "feed me stray cats" and goes around following catboys
Atm runs Heaven in a cell, a wrestling promo where he locks two femboys in a cage and films them kissing
Atm tried to get time off of work for jury duty because he was browsing street fighter scat porn
Atm has been to several Joann Fabric and has yet to be successful in his attempts to ask Joann on a date
ATM hunts quail with a spoon.
whenever ATM beats a person in magic the gathering, he cums on their most expensive card (inside the sleeve (a cardpie, if you will))
ATM a job interview: "Ah, this? It's my new forehead tattoo. It's a swedish saying that really can't be translated into english, but if I must, it would translate to something along the lines of 'Be the yourself of tomorrow'. In swedish it's pronounced 'Förinta mitt rövhål'"
after my farts diffuse into the air they end up in atm's balls
atm refuses to use photoshop because GIMP is more "on brand"
atm says the n-word every morning in the mirror just to prove no one can tell him what not to do
atm is NOT sorry for party rocking
atm likes to eat the stuff people scrape of their tongues before bed
ATM is Göran Greider
atm likes the feeling of sweaty clothes sticking to his body
atm pays for his gasoline in pennies
ATM developed an incredibly offensive grappling-based archetype for the Barbarian class in Pathfinder
ATM's attempt at doing a Hadouken was the most popular YouTube video for 18 weeks
atm personally supplies the cream for the filling of every oreo of every flavor
atm deflects neutrinos and no one really understands why
ATM sniggered. He wasn't going to let a chink in his armor stop him from battlefighting this gobbledygook-spewing sentient aspic.
nuclear atm is only 20 years away
ATM insists on calling the MTG colors White, Blue, Red, Green, and African-American.
atm's got an erection coming up in Australia
atm smells like deep-fried beets
atm sounds like deep-fried beats
atm looks like deep-fried memes
The historicity of ATM is a subject of heavy debate
atm is my deep-friend
atm got a superglue fetish
Atm is the capital of Norway
Atm scrimbly bumbus the third into the end zone
Gotta be like atm scrimbly scrawled his name on his 50 gallon drum of hog semen before atm dark freaver could take it for his own
Add like a sir at your leisure said atm who only uses verbal tics he learned from anime daiyo
Atm always wears blue
ATM is going to direct a Disney movie about generational trauma. How original!
Atm was the producer of the famous film "Man Getting Hit By Football"
ATM cleans himself in the shower with a toilet brush
ATM assembles prisons-in-a-bottle
Atm, brushing his teeth : OMG who need they toothpussy ate
ATM is playing the lead role in the new Bambi remake
"It all started with professor Lupin from potter on my path of the gay furry"
Doctors describe ATM's condition as stable but homosexual.
atm replies "underrated comment" on the top comment of every youtube video
yes, atm would like second helpings of the plate of cum
Atm is preparing for the y10k bug
Atm has been stocking up on corn for something he calls "scaturday"
ATM's dream home has 3 troughs
ATM doesn't date white people who tan because it's too "exotic" for him.
ATM thinks having a spray tan counts as doing blackface
Atm did Dallas :(
ATM is being held without bail after attempting to crowd sail and crushing 35 people.
ATM did Dallas 😉
ATMs real name is Finn Urry
Atm fact, whose reading this in 2022?
Atm doesn't need to Imagine Dragons, he sees Them every day.
ATM prefers Ctrl-Alt-Del 1.0
"Taking one of the King's deer, in the King's wood no less, is a crime punishable by death." He said, approaching. "In irons! All of them!" The warden exclaimed as he handed ATM a waterskin, who struggled to uncork it, panting.
atm claims his time as a cashier at white castle was method acting for a role in the new Harold and Kumar movie
Atm raised eight youngins, three chillins, and a baby.
I'M BABY I'M BABY screams atm as he busts down the door to the breastfeeding room at the mall
Atm sets the sirens off at noon every Wednesday outside merths house to commemorate the releasing of the hogs and their associated semen.
Atm is investing in unvaxxed sperm because he was told it is the next Bitcoin
atm is a manlet
atm smashes people's pottery because he thinks there's money hidden inside
atm owns 60% of dissociative Peach's legs
ATM goes up to restaurant patrons and asks them if they are gonna eat their food.
Atm claims that his greatest contribution to society is interracial marriage
Atm learned horror movie makeup techniques in order to participate in a Kurt Cobain look-alike contest
ATM wrote the "sexually attracted to tiles" copypasta
Atm thinks cops can't catch him and yell FREEZE because he drank a gallon of anti freeze before robbing the bank
ATM frequently empties other ATMs cash payloads to keep his empire afloat. whether this is cannibalism or satanic sacrifice is not known, but what is known is that it's a necessary part of capitalism.
ATM's natural speaking voice is actually Shabba Ranks.
atm thinks about his circumcision a lot
atm generally really enjoys using the iPad Air and wishes even more things would be only on iPads
"hey girl, wanna give me a handjob in my parents' basement?" -atm, 36 years old and single at the bar
Atm is in a love triangle with Pythagoras, Ptolemy, and a crab struggling with mathematics.
atm's pillow is filled with sweetened shredded coconut flakes
ATM believes the first 20 years of the Showa period was the best part of the era.
Atm invented Twinker
ATM Chungus Fucker (he NEEDS that chussy)
Atm goes to retirement homes and pretends to be various senile old peoples’ grandkids so they’ll give him money
Atm hunts salmon like a bear in the spring
ATM stands for Acidic TERF Mucus
atm only eats chicken bread and shaped like various dinosaurs
the only parts of the hog atm eats is the semen and the jowl
Atm is able to get sustenance from every molecule he devours. As such, he does not shit.
Merth enslaves atm in order to pay for his weed habit
yes atm's feet smell like cum but he knows no one would tell on themselves by bringing it up
atm is looking for some "lycanthroat" (blowjob or getting eating alive, he's not picky, just horny with very little will to live)
atm watercooled his pc by dumping it in lake superior
Atm wrote a wikihow article about how to get your messages read by your favorite streamer!
ATM was a little disappointed when he joined the FBI and learned that FBI didn't stand for "Fem Boy International" but he's totally ok with being a sleeper agent in Latin American countries.
ATM does plumbing but he overcharges
ATM hunts chungi with his pet bitch fungi
Atm is taking preorders now
ATM harvests radishes if you know what i mean
ATM is no stranger to forced romance
ATM is no stranger to chinese connections
ATM HUNTS PHAT DEEP IN THE JUNGLE; HIS DEER-EYES GLOWING RED AND HIS FEROCIOUS DEER-GROWL SHAKING THE TREES DISTURBING NESTING BIRDS IN THE NIGHT; PHAT IS PINNED TO THE GROUND AND ATM EATS HIS HAIR.
atm became a Japanese war crime apologist because of anime
Atm woke up and realized once again it was only a dream
atm shows up to his friends house in full pekora cosplay
atm had a miserable time at the con after he realized none of the cosplayers wanted him to impregnate them. not even the astolfo ones
Atm did a lot of soul searching. He got bored after he found his 100000th soul in need of salvation
Atm feeds his guests laxatives during murder mystery parties to "spice things up"
atm is banned from Abercrombie & Fitch after he asked the employees where he could find some "sick white supremacist drip"
atm is still raking in money from the "Keep my wife's name out your #@$!& mouth" shirts he published on redbubble
ATM is going to make a Post-shoegaze genre called “Post-feet”
ATM is in an open relationship with a capybara that bursts into his flat and eats half of the contents of his fridge late at night
ATM replies to emails with !pekofy
Atm did a number 2 and got chased out the confessional. Again.
atm was the lead writer for Postal 4
ATM's sell-by date is stamped just above the waist on his left side
atm fucking loves jimmy kimmel
atm fucked jimmy kimmel
atm tucked jimmy kimmel into bed
atm jimmy'd tucker calrson into bed
Atm makes promotional rap songs for Dennis Prager's YouTube channel
atm carries a squirt bottle of saltwater around with him, which he sprays on the bearings of wheelchairs, it's actually awful
atm can't get close to any mall santa after he told one "I impregnated your mom meet your new step daddy nicky boi"
atm doesn't go to the zoo for animals. he goes to the zoo to look at the people. also he sells dope to the bonobos
ATM denies the existence of Comfort Women because he just doesn't find women comforting.
As he enters the room, atm notices a partially solved wordle carefully drawn with chocolate syrup all over his partners lower torso. Under the puzzle was an arrow pointing down, indicating that the solution was an indication of some sort. The puzzle had REED as its 4 last letters. "Creed" whispered atm sensually, the mere thought of his favorite band brought him great pleasure
atm thinks those stanky ass bitches who need to wash up shouldn't be surprised when he don't wanna fuck (they need soap and water)
atm is the reason seed oils are in everything
Atm can be solved in O(n*log(n)) time
ATM created a white woman gacha game called "Honkey Impact" servers shut down within 2 hours.
Atm created white women
ATM pronounces Bulgaria "Bulge Area"
Atm invented wingdings solely for use in his career as an erotic novel author
"I need to piss like a race horse!" Said ATM, finishing his second liter-bottle of spring water
The only time ATM is "liberal" is with the amount of mustard on his pizza.
ATM's favorite Magic: The Gathering card is Fungal Infection
ATM went to Liverpool hoping to see a mass of organs. Instead he found something much more vile, British people.
Atm cut out the definition of Fart out of his dictionary so he can carry it with him and read it back when he needs a good laugh
If you see atm roaming with a twelve foot long halberd, don't approach him; he's looking for a mate
ATM's Pump and Dump is the best place to refill air in your tires and get rid of unwanted rubbish! It's also what he did to your mom last night.
ATM keeps putting MSG into alphabet soup and won't stop cackling over it
Atm pronounces "effeminate" like "eliminate"
No one has noticed yet that Atm is a member of Slipknot
Atm said we were worthy of his grace!
atm is the Nostalgia Critic's dog walker
[photo of atm taking a shit]
ATM's martial arts has him training to pit an avocado without his arms, legs, mouth, or tools of any kind.
ATM thinks anonymous is spelled anonglabouse
Nostalgia Critic is ATMs rantsona
“I have a yaoi owie” -atm, on the current status of his anus
ATM fears the reaper (from Overwatch)
ATM fears the widowmaker (the last part of Jesus's walk to Golgata)
Atm fears Zenyatta (he's omnic-phobic)
atm claims he can speak dolphin but really he's just doing eurobeat noises with his throat
ATM's real name is Doctor Bob
@ℒℯ 『atm』 did you ping me?
Atm doesn't wanna go base jumping because he's afraid of developing parasocial relationships
atm's dad abandoned him at a dumpling shop
Atm's favorite argumentative device is Occam's Razor. He has 5 kills with it so far!
atm writes kpop fan fiction stories
Show me a man who eats at subway and drives an ahegao-wrapped Prius and I'll show you a mandeer who is ATM
ATM doesn't talk about Bruno (they are former lovers).
Don't ask ATM about his milkshakes!!!
Atm doesn't believe in the supernatural, but he does believe in the super natural
Uh oh ! ATMs brain is suffering from bit rot and his files on Ronald Reagan are all corrupted, again.
Atm is rude to waiting staff because he hopes they spit or pee in his food
never ask atm "is pepsi OK ?"
Atm is quick and nimble
Atm found the source of the Nile in South Cincinnati
ATM is CRAVING. || Phat: "CRAVIN' WOT MILORD?" (He's a medieval english peasant)
atm is wild, and he cannot be tamed
Atm guest starred as himself on Law and Order SVU as the incel terrorist
You can catch ATM with this: <https://i.imgur.com/GT0u8jD.png>
In 9 months, ATM will give Merth.
Atm is still scarred from the time he googled "Knuckles the ecchidna" as a kid
atm built the bridges near the beaches too low for buses to go under so it would be harder for black people to go to the beach
atm cries when he flushes the toilet
ATM aint frack
ATM posts the eorrdlr
I need to pee and ATM knows it
Atm rinses his ground beef after cooking it
atm is a bit fucky
atm must be properly containted ATM MUST BE PROPERLY CONTAINED
ATM was very disappointed to learn that Japan is ruled by old dudes and not a sexy purple lightning lady with a big braid.
Atm faxed a FAQ about his facts to Halifax
ATM was the lead singer of a Doobie Brothers cover band called "Dookie Brothers"
all atm wants is some headpats, really.
ATM prefers fever sweat over workout sweat.
Like Kopi Luwak, ATM is a vtuber providing Kopi ATM
If atm happens to get a taste of human flesh, his memory needs to be erased immediately, or else another 4th of July incident might happen
atm had sex with imogen heap
atm makes a fabulous quiche
atm has some disturbing ideas about property management
ATM agrees with your cause, but can't accept your methods.
atm is currently watching chloe play hades
atm only drinks purple liquids
atm uses toothpaste from 1966
ATM sells a "healing salve" for $39.99 per 30g tube, it's made of dried dog piss
ATM has a collection of gay pens
ATM skinned a furry to make a wallet and a coat
ATM doesn't eat egg shaped candy
ATM keeps his d20s inside his scrotum
ATM thinks all red pens are manufactured by the devil
ATM organized a daring heist on an MTG card factory to mark the cards, then he remembered that everyone uses sleeves and vomited in disappointment
ATM's favorite Holostars member is "Yucky" Robert
ATM's favorite Nijisanji EN member is Tomat Bönbiff
ATM gives his students free homework help if they watch a 30 second advertisement every 15 minutes
ATM's queefs smell like farts, and that has some worrying medical implications
atm is a nigger
atm loves the jews!
atm's mousepad is terribly frayed
ATM can't play the piano
ATM's band name is Sex Hammer
Pillars of flame cut the sky in the distance. An echo of folding flesh and bone intermittent on the wind. A distant tremor, and the earth is torn beneath a nearby school as children flee and retch. The thud of a car door closing behind you. "Welcome to Ohio.", says ATM.
Atm's favorite job was when he wrote for Mind of Mencia. All he did was watch other stand up comedians and write down the jokes.
One of ATM's biggest regrets was starring in a porn series called "Ever Given"
atm says NASA as an initialism
Atm in the morning: "AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!"
"Hey baby, I can give you the good wood ;3" - Carpenter ATM hitting on women who just wants a new table.
ATM's favorite movies are "Drive" and "Fight Club"
ATM wasn't sure the world was ready for his British version of the Power Puff Girls.
Atm only likes waifus who have a compatible MBTI type with his
atm has a knuckles the hedgehog onahole
ATM loves games with a diverse cast of characters, it allows him to use different slurs.
atm is slur gang fr
atm only plays boros midrange
atm still plays Artifact
Atm once had an embarrassing ER visit with the game Hungry Hungry Hippos stuck to his nether regions
Atm is still desperately looking for a mate that's twice his size
I have discovered ATM's true name! It's Wizards Q
atm showed me his chungus
atm's favorite negging line is "hey fatass, wanna do some cardio? (sexual)"
professor: hey class today we're talking about osmosis, || atm: UMM, it's PRONOUNCED Chungus Fucker McLe
atm still hasn't gotten over the loss of our beloved Bone Farmer
Atm is massive and multiplayer
ATM is 0% submissive but 200% breedable
atm chungus fucker lost his virginity in an abandoned church
atm is making the mother of all omelets
The only thing softer than ATM's butt is Kevin Durant.
ATM taught Drake the Tootsie Slide.
Atm found a genie in a bottle but the genie went back in because he couldn't handle all the racist wishes
atm eats beaver
"Show me the armpit or get the harmpit" -atm, dating
atm trusts a big butt and a smile
Atm wears goggles
Big man atm hass the rock...
For atm, it is ALWAYS peanut butter jelly time
ATM thinks Erykah Badu is better than Lauren Hill.
ATM is a coin locker baby.
ATM is the Gazebo Hunter
ATM invented the offside rule
ATM's scrotum is very gangrenous!
atm delivered the BAD DONG
ATM has sex with Celine Dion and that passionate night was inspiration for "My Heart Will Go On"
ATM was VERY disappointed when he learned that Bad Bunny was a reggaeton artist and not some weird furry shit.
"I got three bottles of tequila, Xanax, and my Rush mixtape, time to design a Medicaid portal" - ATM on a Saturday night.
ATM sent fracka racka gamers to bring back Flash Gordon's body
atm considers merth a "Pet with benefits"
atm says foidborn instead of afab
atm exterminates women with white phosphorus
ATM wants to destroy the Chungus Fuckers' Guild
ATM cooks cup noodles in the dishwasher
"Wait you guys are serious? I thought it was a bit!" - ATM seeing falafels and phat in ski masks with molotovs ready to crash a Republican women's convention.
Atm invented poverty
Atm started a pop punk / scat fusion band. He calls the genre poop punk
This atm fact was minted by, and is the property of @Raltia. Do not copy this fact under any circumstances
Atm collects bones he finds on walks. He thinks it makes him quirky but it really just worries his mom
Atm carries around a butane torch with him so he can activate sprinkler systems
ATM doxxed Jesus.
ATM said merth kicks 10 year olds
Atm has 15 fursuits he fights crime in
For some people it's Holocaust Rememberance Day, for ATM it's just another Jueves to kill Nazis in.
@ℒℯ 『me(rth)』 did u know atm has 15 fursuits he fights crime in
ATM has become Willard B. Fungleby
ATM invented fracka racka gamers
Atm is hemisexual, only attracted to trucks that got a hemi
ATM has a multi monitor set up so he can watch multiple sports streams, clip highlights, and post them to reddit for sweet karma.
Atm is committed to cringe which is why he builds his team comp in Genshin for the most cringe elemental reaction: freeze
Sarah Jessica Parker invented having sex with men in the stone ages, but it wasn't until ATM invented having sex with women in 1943 that heterosexuality could be founded.
"Frankly, my dear, I don't give a fracka racka gamers to bring back his body." - ATM
"Love is, at it's core, sending fracka racka gamers to bring back [Flash Gordon's] body." - ATM
Atm's Woodstock was the Eat Fresh Refresh at Subway
atm is coming out of his cage (chastity) and he's doing just fine (no longer has herpes)
ATM's sweat is halal.
Atm tried to break into the White House so he could vibe check Biden’s prostate
Atm loves hamtaro
ATM ate hamtaro for breakfast
Atm is working on a gritty remake of Schindler's List
ATM's favorite city in the world is Boston
ATM is a big fan of chubby wombs.
ATM takes frequent vacations to the Northern Sentinel Island
ATM is such a weeb, he roots for the Japanese national soccer team and Japanese players in European clubs.
ATM invented factoring in race when selecting sexual partners
Atm claims he doesn't see race, but we all know he's the most racist
ATM is responsible for the neanderthal genes in the DNA of Europeans
ATM thought mukbang was a weird pokemon fetish.
Atm is a weredeer
ATM is gangstalking me - all on his own!
My lord! Atm hit the dab!
Atm played too much azur lane and now he's going to naval yards to swim underwater hoping to see some toes
Holy crap! Do NOT ask ATM what his opinions are on Khmer Rouge.
ATM invented a new dinosaur called Gigantabreast
"Imma groom this little bitch" - ATM cleaning up a young puppy he rescued from the animal shelter.
ATM will sit on your bean bag in the living room (if you have one)
ATM thinks "Zamn" means "Gangrene for children"
atm clogged my toiletpussy
atm invented clogging my toilet
Psy does all of ATM's choreography.
ATM has a lot of phlegm
ATM invented making ATM facts about ATM inventing things
ATM has started to refer to "Nijisanji" as "Arabs" and no one knows why.
atm likes milk with his homework
atm drinks the blood of his enemies consensually
atm milks his homies
atm introduces himself by saying what the parts of his name mean
Atm practices semen retention every Friday and Saturday night behind the 7-11 on Oak St
ATM is a stalker
Atm is a world record holder for being the fastest elimination on The Gong Show
If you need ATM's wifi network, don't ask for his SSID, because he'll just show you his NSDAP member card
Atm knows all the words to Eye of the Tiger
Yikes: ATM Wants To Send Fracka Racka Gamers To Bring Back His Body, But His Mom Won't Let Him
ATM invented Chungus \*\*\*\*\* Gang
ATM's ultimate sexual fantasy isn't known, all we know is that it involves lava
atm has a nun fetish
any bodily fluid is adorable if atm secretes it
ATM shares a lot of similar opinions with Foghorn Leghorn.
atm can declare other people to be furries
ATM is cracking open a cold one(Nazi skull) with the boys tonight!
atm likes to dress as a dog and pee on the local fire hydrants
ATM doesn't have autism, he has awwwwtism
ATM’s underwear did not start the day brown
Atm keeps his geese, politics and cigarettes the same
atm is looking for 12 hunky firemen to extinguish the fire in his loins
"the vibes in this place are terrible" -atm, on the pediatric cancer ward
atm invented contraceptive cantrips
Atm invented orange juice from concentrate
ATM has strong opinions on the Sheldon Cooper canon
Buy atm putty now and mold it, manipulate it, squish it between your fingers, made from 100% atm!
Atm has great childhood memories from FEMA "summer" camps
ATM's favorite shape for food is the cube
ATM's favorite drink color is yellow
ATM's favorite food color is blue
Atm wants to yassify the holocaust museum
Atm has been euthanized, sorry!
Atm is a crack addict that's why he goes to M:TG tournaments
ATM is stockpiling bodybags
Atm hates cops so much that he stabbed 18 people at a furcon art booth because they were wearing badges
"Ah yes, a good dry mouthy taste" - atm, drinking from a wine glass full of sand
Touch atm, get dizzy!
[jpg of atm smoking a fat dart]
atm will have a large number 6 with a dr pepper
Atm has a Pavlovian response to the umpire saying "Play ball!"
ATM thinks the Moon is adorable, and his desire to attack it is actually a form of cuteness aggression
ATM wrote a pornographic pathfinder campaign where you have sex with redcaps
ATM is the human incarnation of the Mark of Cain
Atm has been banned from every Walmart for wearing a "unionize now" shirt in his local Walmart
ATM's dating profile includes his league of legends rank
atm is the prototype for the manic pixie dream girl
atm made his teeth into anime sharkteeth with a steak knife
atm blasted some fat rope while floating through space and it ended up orbiting him and forming into a ring of cum around his celestial body
ATM is very active on hoyoLAB.
Atm thinks that the mating press is just an Australian printing press
ATM gets really horny during annual compliance training.
atm calls his friends to tell them about reddit drama he read about
Atm has his lawyer on speed dial in case he ever sees unofficial atm merch being sold
atm is still being mad over being being banned from a subreddit 5 years ago
ATM's alcohol of choice is washer fluid
Never mention the burrito incident in front of atm
Atm regularly eats sand to keep his hourglass figure
atm gets inari sushi from the grocery store because of his favorite character from a manga
ATM thinks "Medicare Supplements" are vitamins for old people.
Atm once left Obama on read
Atm still regularly makes covfefe jokes
atm wants to bang Obama (unspecified)
Atm is why the Titanic had so few  lifeboats. He failed to consider the staff and the women on board as people
Atm keeps getting kicked off of movie sets as a extra because he can't stop throwing gang signs
Atm will never be ballin'
atm is the 19th best ramlethal in all of missouri
What atm did in the bathroom isn't quite a disaster but you should still talk to FEMA
atm resents being called sexist, all he did was suggest putting all women into FEMAle camps
atm framed his reddit trophy collection
atm has his tenure as a default subreddit mod on his resume
atm is the leader of his local branch of the Black Panther Party (he really loves Marvel)
ATM wrestled in Mexico under the name "El Gringo Loco Azul"
ATM wrestled in Italy as a luchador named "El Condor Pasta"
ATM beat the crap out of a Frenchman who stole a loaf of bread.
whenever ATM is in distress, he reflects upon John Goodman to fill his body with warmth
atm lives inside a Dyson Sphere
atm never skips ads because you can't spell advertisement without semen
Atm can impregnate women by bleeding into their ovaries
atm misses :tohrusmug:
Atm published all of his classmates test results on a bulletin board so that he could replicate the school rivalries of his favorite animes. Instead everyone made fun of him for failing English
atm married his short, angry neighbor
Atm shaved his head in order to date Marisa Tomei
ATM hosted a ted talk on the links between skull shape and IQ
ATM eats 7-11 pizza in Italy.
When ATM's boss confronted him about him pissing all over the place, ATM responded with "It's Golden Week!"
ATM is in a polyamorous relationship with three kingdoms.
atm celebrates japanese holidays as a fully white born and raised American
ATM wants DC to release the "Amber Heard cut" of Aquaman.
ATM bought the live action rights to Secret of NIMH and Great Mouse Detective as part of his Furry Cinematic Universe
"I loooooooooove gangrene, pog!!" - ATM getting gangrene
atm drives an import (unspecified)
The only part of atm that’s tan is his penis
ATM will pop your pimples if you let him keep the goo afterwards
Atm is currently having a out-of-bodywash experience
Please help fix ATM's declining birth rate
Atm pronounces Satyr and Satire the same way
"I might not be a dodge ram, Motor Trend's truck of the year for 7 years in a row with an all new 7.6L V8 HEMI© engine, but I can carry a good load too" - ATM's Grindr profile
ATM gave away the location of Hidden Valley directly leading to the mass slaughter of an entire culture. All just for some fucking salad dressing.
Atm saying "I hate you" is all we can hope for and gives us joy
Atm is allergic to trees
Atm is scared of anything that eats grass
ATM made a pact with a demon, in exchange for it's power the demon was allowed to banish Ohio to Earth, freeing Hell of it's blight.
Atm is working on an album of Shrek inspired song parodies.
ATM was kicked out of a Petco for trying on dog collars in a way that was disturbing other customers
The international chip shortage is making atm really upset. He misses Doritos so much
ATM misses the days when the Wayans Brothers was popular.
ATM writes extremely problematic BL manga.
ATM's ear snail is telling him to blow up his local courthouse.
ATM only uses his shapeshifting powers once a year, on merth's birthday
Atm = actually terf merth
Atm is a free bitch, baby
Atm is a free, bitch baby
Atm is free, bitch baby
ATM goes to international markets so he can buy cock flavored soup.
Atm invented uhhhhh misogyny
ATM is....... le bad
Atm runs /r/TwoSentenceHentai
Atm's backyard has a 20 foot long american flag with a gold fringe
Whoa: ATM Just Activated Infinity Style 3rd Form: Infinity Smash
atm salutes jeep drivers
atm loves doing dishes because it gives him a great excuse for when his pants get wet
atm has a SPAS-12 on speed dial for when he needs to call shotgun
ATM isn't a "good listener", he's a bussin listenage hog.
ATM is very active in the wyvern - drake - dragon discourse
ATM can tell whether someone has a micro penis because he gets a rash just by talking to them. He has to keep a large supply of antihistamines at hand before engaging with this server.
am cares about the deficit
atm just googled "karl marx simple english wikipedia" and its starting to make the left nervous
atm is an organ player. don't ask which though
atm won't shut up about "Canadian cinema"
atm still watches AVGN religiously
atm can't get twink Obama out of his head, he haunts his dreams
Oh no someone turned atm into a marketable plushie
"I'm so hungry I could" *revs chainsaw* "eat a horse" -atm, about to get banned from another racetrack
ATM thinks "The Wizard of Oz" is unrealistic only because no one wants to go BACK to Kansas.
atm writes checks that his ass can't cash in (they bounce)
atm is critical to the security of American democracy, something that entails sitting in a van for 4 hours and reading Made in Abyss on his phone apparently
atm unionized the pigeons in the park and they killed 5 old people before animal control gassed them
atm is passionate about improv
atm still runs a 24/7 de_rats cs 1.6 server
atm doesn't have friends lmao
atm's toilet is capable of love and hate
never let atm have oki
ATM got hoes in different area codes, he's a well traveled farmer.
atm still regularly plays on his kinect
atm's presence makes the world a more place place
atm has no idea what "zero sum" means but that won't stop him from using it daily
atm ends internet arguments with "QED"
atm fucked up so many joycons they call him drift king
atm's gacha game was removed from the Play Store due to all the cards being different bad photoshops of tenniswoman Amelie Mauresmo
atm has not expressed a sincere feeling free of memes or not framed as a weird fact for an internet friend in years
atm's skull once fell out he's butt
atm's got a fork and is near a live outlet, hopefully he's not horny too!
atm got his dick sucked by an alternate dimension version of him that was sucking dick through a wormhole
ATM breeds canada goose
atm breeds.
atm has rockin' tits
atm wishes we could go back to a simpler time (before he got caught dumping illegal waste into Lake Michigan)
atm can name every US president in order of penis size from memory
atm always asks for the "wettest boy" as his delivery driver in the special instructions
ATM was the first person ever to get a circumcision in free fall
ATM was a bench player on a D2 college basketball team and will not shut up about it.
Atm wants Xiao to change his diaper
ATM wrote an utterly insane fan comic where he was married to Betty Boop.
Atm still plays TF2
ATM’s entire personality revolves around Japanese gaming consoles from his childhood
ATM response, when his new friend said "But I thought furries weren't to do with sex..", <https://i.imgur.com/3WYGau1.jpeg>
ATM's mother is the World Egg
@ℒℯ 『atm』 is the QT, tbh
atm failed 2nd grade
atm asked me if I wanted to meet God and when I said "yes" he didn't kill me he just took off his pants
atm is nesting in your intestines
atm's sisters ate him
Atm is a kind of homoerotic computer
ATM directed Shazam
never play truth or dare with atm
ATM loves maple syrup and has trypophobia, but he cooks his pancakes anyway even if he does a little pee when they're ready to be flipped.
atm wants to be fisted by Knuckles, he thinks it looks like a new and fun experience 🙂
atm celebrates Mother's Day by only browsing the MILF category on porn websites
atm owns a dildo shop in Los Angeles
atm went back in time and voted for Hitler (2004)
atm tried to cast a spell on his bullies when they beat him up and they just started beating him up harder for being a huge nerd. In the end atm never got his revenge, all his bullies ended up being happy and successful people because this isn't a 90s movie
atm's parents named him Goobins because they fucking hate him
ATM got isekai’d into merth’s ass
Atm opened the first femboy Hooters in the metaverse
ATM recommends oncologists to women born June 21–July 21.
Atm always knows when his favorite vtubers are ovulating
ATM accidentally killed someone while trying to dance
ATM accidentally drowned a platypus while picking strawberries
ATM hit a moose with his car when driving in rural maine.
ATM was hit on by a moose, shortly after a minor collision, while driving in rural maine.
atm calls Mother's Day "Mommy Day"
atm's flesh is being stripped and sold to pay off his debts! If you'd like to buy some reasonably priced boy flesh come to The Flesh Hole at 1025 S Kenmore and bid on his still warm flesh!
atm owns and operates the local gelato fiasco in brunswick
atm got into a fist fight in the Wild Oats parking lot
ATM's goto pickup line at Bowdoin College: "Bow you doing?"
ATM larps as Ross from Friends
atm does neat card tricks
if you tickle atm's belly just right he'll transform into a giant rat and kill you!
atm watches you sleep (non-horny)
ATM betrayed Chuck Plimbo
atm caught mono from his cousin
atm is bi which means he gets horny for both Albedos
Atm is a volleyball prodigy. The only problem is he only hits the ball with his ass cheeks, making his teammates very uncomfortable
atm's phone background is a photo of Margaret Thatcher
atm is a white girl
atm gets excited for half-price margarita night at Chili's
atm tells black people they're "a credit to their race" when they do something he likes
ATM is haunted by a ghost. In all mirrors, all things that reflect, he sees ghostly butt.
atm keeps a Funko Pop in his butt at all times
atm is 31, single, owns multiple houseplants, has a cat named after a Harry Potter character and goes to brunch every weekend
You do NOT want to know what ATM's secret ingredient is for his cheesecake.
atm finally got an office job! It sucks, its nothing like all the whacky office romances he reads
atm sends hurtful DMs out of nowhere just to be a dick
atm is naked and in your bed
atm queefed in Plimbo Scrungo's froghole
ATM taught Hakeem Olajuwon his signature move "The bunga screeve shuffle". Which Hakeem renamed "The Dream Shake"
atm has never sexually satisfied a romantic partner
ATM owns the NBA record of most butt pats per minutes.
Atm commissioned arts of Gold Ship in a wedding dress getting married to Phat and Goggledog to give to them as birthday presents
ATM roots for the white dudes in the NBA because he loves a good underdog.
atm still talks about squid games regularly
Atm lived in Larry Bird’s locker and sucked him off during games
atm stole my ballot dropbox key so he could live in one of the dropboxes and eat the ballots people put in
atm couldn't bear working in a science lab anymore because of all the hamster cum
Atm shows his massage parlor customers a YouTube video of the Chika dancing ED when they ask for a happy ending
ATM really misinterpreted what a "backcourt violation" is.
Atm loves the smell of napalm at any time of day
Uh oh! ATM is having a meltdown on Twitter again!
"POPPIN XANNIES WITH THE JANNIES" - 2014 atm tweet from a reddit meetup
Atm regularly attends Reddit meetups
Atm self-regulates
ATM invented the handcareer
atm operated a videogame tip line in the 90s
atm microwaved his anime figure cum jar once it was full until the figure melted and it became a slurry of plastic and rotting cum then he drank it with his proboscis
Atm can't read.  Merth screams every post made to atm at passing deer who let atm know what was said
atm eats his feelings and you're looking *licks lips* delectably sad
atm is quite proud of his multitudes of man flesh
ATM wishes Abigail Shapiro was his barefoot pregnant trad wife in the kitchen but unfortunately he has to settle with a shitty healer in FFXIV.
atm only uses gender-exclusive language
atm is a pronoun person
atm is my hun
ATM invented Zyklon-A
ATM came up with the idea to use remote controlled drones to bomb hospitals
"Caption this" - ATM, posting goatse to Instagram
atm has big luscious bazooms
ATM's parents invented not giving their children birthday gifts
atm is the mangaka behind the isekai manga "I was resurrected as a sperm in another womb !"
atm is terrified of ghostwriters
atm actually typed out the original "how is babby formed" post on yahoo answers
atm bought adspace on porn sites inviting users to come play "THE ANGRY BIRDS OF SEX" but really it was just a redirect to 80s froot loop ads on youtube
Atm is mean to children
atm is actually pretty neutral on frogs
Atm traumatized me and said it was research
atm pees in the shower, specifically the shared YMCA shower, he makes eye contact with other people showering while unleashing his penile deluge
ATM named his daughter Battleslash Infinity and his son Gangrene Fuck
ATM wrote the fanfiction called "The Flesh Prince of Bel-Air"
ATM has ADHD and harvests coal. He's neurodivergent and a miner.
"Mmm, the sweet smell of a cinnamon chai latte!" - ATM using Zyklon-C to exterminate the lower races
Atm is a kid
ATM needs permission to exhume the bodies
Turns out our ATM IS the evil ATM.
ATM has a cousin in every country.
Atm gets a fecal matter transplant every other month
Atm eats poop
Atm pooped before coming out of the womb
atm isn't fierce
"Okay, this is gangweed." - ATM thinking that this is gangweed
atm is "pounding the mochi" in his garage
atm is the mom of the friend group in that he's squeezed every member through his boyhole and also you can suckle suckle warm thick milk from his vivacious mammaries
ATM stole thanos's hand rocks and put them in his ass
atm got switched at birth but the other family quickly realized the kid wasn't there's and atm's parents were forced to take him back
atm farts on the bus
atm's farts on the bus go round and round
ATM impersonates Make-a-wish and says "No."
atm was playing his favorite video game during a thunderstorm, got struck by lightning and now he's stuck in Microsoft Excel!
atm smells like burning vomit
ATM studied Cultural Geography at University of North Carolina.
ATM took his mom to a wrestling show for Mother's Day where he revealed to her that he is actually legendary Luchador El Santo
Atm is attending a class on how to draw just like Ben Garrison. He's struggling in Labelography 417, however
Wow! Atm just laid an egg! Lets make a quiche
Unexpected! Atm has started dating his wife's tennis coach and now they're eloping and getting gay married as soon as atm straight divorces his wife!
atm looks like the kind of guy that likes Harry Potter (derogatory)
atm owns a bar called The Tool Shed, its in Columbia Heights and popular with interns, Hill staff and lawyers
Red Bull gave atm wings but they sprouted from his wiener and had minds of their own but they were small and couldn't lift atm's entire body so they basically just jerked him off while trying to fly
atm uses Japanese honorifics when he talks to white people
atm successfully won a wrongful termination suit after Walmart fired him for selling the walls
atm is one of those leftists that focuses on bedtime abolition
Don't say I didn't warn you! -said ATM
ATM is on the liver and bone marrow train
ATM always completes a successful simulated hunt before eating
Atm believes in tomboy supremacy
ATM's workout is never in the same place twice because he just goes random places at night to chase women
ATM was reborn in another world as one of those servings robots at yakiniku
Atm wants to know if you can come over and play, his mom just bought him a GameCube!
Nobody knows why but atm started singing Black Betty as he walked into the airport with a bottle of shoe polish and a plane ticket headed to Finland
atm still reguarly types like a homestuck character on IRC
ATM's drag name is Refrieda Beanzel
atm bowled a 0 in wii sports bowling
Atm leaves a bay leaf behind in the bowl when using restrooms
atm goes to Chipotle and orders a burrito with bay leaves only
ATM's favorite snack is chocolate starfish.
Atm's favorite drink is hot dog flavored water
ATM is a metallurgy wizard whose favorite thing to do is cast iron.
ATM was grocery shopping in the Marrakech market when a hooded figure appeared, startling him. || *I am going to murder you*, the figure said. || ATM quickly entered a fighting stance, shouting: *Beastforce Battledash!* || His legs turned into wolves, quickly dashing towards his assailant, allowing ATM to punch him in the face.
ATM's chipotle orders are regulated by the ATF as Class 3 Explosives
An NFT of ATM's wiener caused the 2022 crypto collapse
Atm is the source of all suffering
Atm is why bad things happen to good people
Atm thinks sunbae is just a really common Korean name
Special offer! Get 25 % off of atm Premium and 35% off of atm gold until may 3rd 2018
Atm spreads Dijon all over himself
Atm spreads
Atm googled “can rats get married?” on my phone and now all my Amazon suggestions are for tiny tuxedos and wedding dresses
ATM has received your package and is ready for pickup
Atm poops in his neighbor's backyard
If you stare too long into the atm, the atm stares back at you and stabs you in the eye
What does Larry King, Larry Bird, Larry David, and Larry from the Three Stooges all have in common? They all dated ATM at the height of their careers.
ATM gets a little intimidated when he sees the French national soccer team.
atm loves "dunkin donuts and punkin pi"
ATM has invented a new technique called infinity slash! He swings his katana (important) in a 100° arc at an initial speed of 300°/s, then reducing the speed by 50% every 1/6th second.
atm is naturally inappropriate
Atm comes with a dongle that supports Display Port
If ATM isn't working you can pull him out and try blowing on him
atm would like everyone to stop talking about the time he was leader of a white supremacist cult, it no longer represents who he is and like, he was only part of it for 10 years!
atm demands his seafood be from Switzerland
do *not* leave your children around atm! He *will* indoctrinate them with Marxism
atm defends Shaun King on twitter
ATM defends Sheauwgn M. on twitter
ATM is a notary for cats.
ATM owes money to the squirrel mafia.
atm suddenly started making a lot less money on OnlyFans when he started shaving his feet
atm can actually kiss you through the phone
you can see the outline of atm's panties when he bends over
atm tried to ask a girl out once and got so nervous he shit and vomited so much he had to be hospitalized, the girl filmed it and uploaded it to Facebook so the rest of the school could cyberbully him so badly he had to change schools.
ATM played Eminem in "8 Mile".
atm makes rice using butter instead of water
atm doesn't wash his rice
"Oh yeah? Well if I'm racist then how come I exclusively watch interracial cuck porn?" -atm, clueless
ATM refers to some of his friends as "urban"
atm has something for your butt
ATM is a jive turkey.
atm invented a new battleslash called slashforce gang
ATM donated his testicles to science.
atm is nought but a little bitch. a fucking pussy
ATM has invented 47 new slurs for white people since January
"I carry the White Man's Burden." -ATM talking about his nuts.
Atm was carried away by an ant 🐜
ATM is having supply chain issues (erectile dysfunction).
Atm joined McDonald's
Atm can convert into pure energy at will
Atm won’t stop being cringe
Atm fetishes his own oppression
atm zamn
atm zamnn
atm's got this in the bag
atm is the pervy anime girl with fat milkers
Joe Biden exposed himself to atm
atm got noticeably aroused while watching a bus crash
atm just got reincarnated as a POOP in a BUTT
atm always does a land acknowledgement before he takes a dump
Atm can't wait until his ass reaches the filler arc
15 Times Deers OWNED ATM in the back yard! LIKE and SUBSCRIBE!
atm scores maximum on the blizzard diversity scale (italian-american passing gay furry)
ATM refers to AAVE as "engl-*ish*"
ATM sniffed Joe Biden's hair
Atm ejaculates demons
ATM likes to call Jher "Captain-General of the International Pissboy Federation"
*ATM lightly blowing into your face* "I'm into airsports" he says
atm got a magical wishing stone that will grant any wish without limits or twists and he used it to get a shitty ham and cheese sandwich
atm is really into Reaganton, its just inflation porn of the Reagans
"my womb...it's so full" - ATM after eating 50 chicken wings at Buffalo Wild Wings.
ATM is Goku's mom
ATM puts MSG in his TEA
We're all just different versions of atm
ATM is a spider, so what?
atm got a demerit for making out in the hallway
atm only watches anime that has incest
Someone forgot to lock the drug store doors and now atm is eating vagisil again
atm likes his men like he likes his garbage, hot and in New Jersey
atm on birthdays like "harpent berzentý"
atm is the abyss mage of the breedable element! Quick, cum all over his shield to break it! Its the only elemental reaction that'll work, just starting blasting rope!
ATM *really* enjoys the baseball episodes of Key anime.
"call me a ball cuz I want you to knock me out of the park with your bat big boy" -atm, breaking into Shohei Otani's house again
atm keeps trying to tweet at Obama but twitter tells him most people don't tweet that way
From 1998-2003, all of ATM's exes looked strangely like New York Mets star catcher Mike Piazza.
ATM prefers baseball to softball—he thinks that the kicks to your nuts are harder in baseball.
atm has an official diagnosis labelling him as a tsundere. It's terminal.
yooooo, atm actually took my advice and named his daughter Battleslash Infinity 😂
atm is on 🅱️aternity leave
We surveyed a hundred atms on the subject of women's vote. You won't believe the results!
atm was invited to an "undecided voter" town hall with the 2016 Presidential candidates and the only question he asked was "what does Bill's cum taste like? Please I'm so close to perfecting my Bill Clinton sex bot, please describe in detail what its like when he pogs off in your mussy madam secretary". He was taken out back and shot by the Secret Service.
atm cosplayed as his favorite Dr Who character, Hitler
atm draws porn on the bus
atm went back in time to relentlessly bully a young Austrian boy while shouting "this is for the Jews!" thus completing the circle
atm is so horny he's starting to look attractive to me
atm can suck a bowling ball through a firehose
Atm does the stanky leg
"Go woke, go broke." - sleepy ATM who just wants to stay in bed all day.
Atm has normal shits
ATM is Raiden Shogun's hair stylist.
atm doesn't use headphones ever, he loves just walking around on speakerphone at full blast
atm can run his pinky along the grooves of a record to play it out loud, lilo and stitch style. The sound doesn't come from his mouth though.
falafels voted against atm getting in NATO
Big breasts are ATM’s favorite thing in the world
Nietzsche's entire work was written after he met atm
Atm is in the process of writing a novel about purposefully triggering an earthquake with the San Andreas Fault called "Kill L.A. Kill"
as a teen, atm misunderstood what weed was and ended up smoking a dandelion blunt
Atm keeps dropping turds into the fans of his neighbor's heat pump
ATM created a genre of music so he can command the stars, he calls it "Bossy Nova"
ATM pokes a hole in the cover of his favorite pudding cups, places them against his lips, and slams the bottom of the cup with his hand as hard as he can.
ATM has big, beautiful Hershey kiss nipples
atm is a slurp baby
*atm stuffing his intestines back inside his body* "wow I must have really been tossing and turning in my sleep last night!"
ATM is helping to tend to the wounded on the second story after a load of lumber fell from the crane... You might say he's nursing an erection?..
ATM had a reality tv show on MTV in the mid 2000s.
ATM used his 3 slurp juices to mint 7 new apes
Atm's favorite pokemon is Farfetch'd
atm smells like deep fried assholes (derogatory) but tastes like deep fried testicles (complimentary)
atm watches porn on the library computers
atm gets uncontrollably horny when he hears someone talk with a French-Canadian accent
atm vomited in a rain boot
every time you masturbate to furry porn, atm gets a little bit more powerful
atm is president of the Buttholes and Genitals Club! Its a club where they spend the entirety of club meetings exploring each other's buttholes and genitals.
atm has been married for 25 years and everyday he loves his wife more than the last
Atm got kicked of 32 fan translation groups for trying to sneak the n word into ntr comics
ATM loves Phlegmboys
atm always plays up American stereotypes when he travels abroad
Atm keeps saying "flat is justice" on anime servers thinking it refers to the nature of 2D drawings
ATM is a gender cop and he's a loose cannon who doesn't play by the rules
The gender police finally got to ATM
ATM flies first class on short flights.
Atm is late. By two weeks! He might be pregante!
Atm is baring the next Mary Mother of God
"I HATE LINES" -atm slamming his face into a pile of cocaine
ATM committed hara-kiwi <https://external-preview.redd.it/xKhO4H6F0fUnd9Y8JoUFo8PtOq5VmSGV7tMPnjUd18E.jpg?auto=webp&s=e7002e51b8ee6195c150fe3b305ef9d92d571388>
atm is a video games
ATM eats peeled cucumbers in a single salty bite
atm's real name is videogames shazam
atm got crunk on scrongo
dirty slut sucks and fucks - starring atm from atm's fun zone gang!
ATM was the first test subject for a total-biological-control pill; and the researchers wept when he gave himself legs for arms and 17 extra nipples
atm made a Minecraft mod where you can have sex with the creepers and pog off in their crussy and theres a 10% chance they'll get pregnant which activates the "creeper abortion" minigame
ATM has his anime dubbed in a Filly accent
atm just defiled the buffet
ATM refuses to call canola oil canola oil
ATM uses canola oil as lube for reasons best left unmentioned
"What are you doing with my horn?!?!" -screamed the Unicorn at ATM, looking up at the spot where his horn once was.
ATM's favorite restaurant is the Margaritaville in the middle of the Montego Bay airport.
ATM travels to Trinidad only to get food from the airport KFC
ATM invented harnessing the power of beasts to further mankind's ambitions
The Shroud of Turin is ATM's cum rag
ATM is guest sang in this song when he was 13 <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZlPvDYtfp8>, Can you guess which?! Wrong!
Atm “protested” prom by not going (he couldn’t get a date)
Atm has lost 47 of his 66 virginities
Atm just got unbanned one Twitter and he’s got a lot to say about the Jews
atm wants to bust a scrunka
Atm has 7 senses
Atm sniffed a coworker and got fired instead of a girlfriend
ATM loves cold showers
ATM practices safe sex, and never has sex without a condor.
Aw fuck aw shit someone help atm fix the slushie machine that just broke
Atm is one step ahead of the shoe shine
Atm needs an oil change someone get the diapers
"THINK FAST" - atm throwing a car battery at a secret service agent
atm can swallow an ostrich egg whole
"guess who just did a le heckin' sex!" -atm, announcing the loss of a virginity
atm's panties are too small and his ass is overflowing!
Atm like big tiddies
Atm always stays hydrated
Atm likes his tiddies like he likes his butts
Atm hugs too hard
Atm is the anti-pope
Atm's secret reddit handle for many years was /u/NukeThePope
atm gonna scrunk off
Atm put "looking for quintuplets" on his dating profile
ATM was recommended by youtube *[ASMR] Cuddly Killua can’t sleep (cute, playful, tired talking, breathing)*
atm was arrested by the zoo police again
atm is tolerated by the Catholic church
atm's waifu is trash, literally. Its just a bag of garbage with a fleshlight taped to it
atm won a James Corden lookalike competition even though he never showed up (a mob beat him to death on the way there because they thought he was James Corden)
atm smells like sex
atm's farts smell like eggs but not like, good eggs but like an egg thats been rotting in the sun for a few days
ATM’s smile has too many teeth
Atm got a CT scan and the doctor went mad
"It's not a lie if you gaslight everyone!" - ATM's top life advice
atm drives a cum truck
sometimes atm's ass doesn't go with him when he gets up off the couch
Atm ordered a pizza with extra sausage but got real sad when the delivery guy didn't show hog
atm has never had sex in a cornfield and it shows
atm is the lesser god of greater gods
atm keeps a constantly updated list ranking the members of this server and he reads all the facts you make up about him just in case you're wondering where you rank
atm asks any black person he meets if they know Jay Z
atm learned "drain touch" and instead of stealing other peoples' stamina, it just makes them play shitty rap
atm asks any black person he meets if they know Z from always sunny
atm lead a cavalry charge during the Vietnam War
evil atm recycles
Atm is making eyes at me, just multitudes of wet eyes
atm runs mana tithe
atm became a magical girl and it absolutely ruined his life, not what he thought would happen!
atm doesn't believe WWI was real
atm has a content warning tattooed on his stomach
atm didn't invent your bitch ass
ATM drinks Bud Light
Atm contains eggs
summer is just starting and atm is already banned from the local water park
ATM badly misunderstood the purpose of a water park
atm invented muff pastry
atm can talk to spiders, he can't control them but he can at least ask nicely
Atm speedruns with the n word as a username so he can get summoning salt to say it
ATM hacked Kindle software updates so that when people double click a word to look up the definition it downloads his porn
Whoa: ATM Just Got Crunk
someone wrote "crunk" on the whiteboard in atm's classroom and he asked the white kid who had recently moved there from Atlanta and the only black kid in the class what it meant
atm converted to Catholicism because of Veggie Tales
atm produced a Jewish version of Veggie Tales that got him denounced by both the ADL and the Nazis
atm just said something so offensive that Iran re-started its nuclear program
"Boggles the mind? Umm, more like phöukles thé mindhe 😏." - ATM
ATM is one of the local whites in Trinidad. His nickname is "Blacks" on the account he gets black out drunk every night at the rum shop.
"Kill all iranians!!!! Down with shia islam!!!!!" - ATM
ATM's favorite fleshtuber is Tony Zaret
ATM just did a banskreavity dab
ATM's armpit hair grows at 1 inch per day
ATM wants a tradmalewife
ATM's gaming table has an LCD embedded in the bottom, which he keeps "accidentally" leaving on hentai whenever game night comes around
Blasted Fool: "awful" || ATM (Clever): bussin awf gang
ATM wrote My Immortal
[ATM's infected, gangrenous asshole]
ATM: Scrunka Grunka || Ben Stiller from Shazam: ??? || ATM: SCRUNKA GRUNKA
13966 is ATM's new favorite fact
atm euthanized falafels
ATM’s shits are detectable on seismographs in California
Atm wrote a how-to guide for public masturbation in San Francisco
Atm is gay coded
atm would eat the armpit sushi
Every region has their own system for measuring how cool ATM is
atm writes a lot of fanfiction about eunuchs
Atm can fart so hard that it disrupts nearby electronics
"how's this for 'disruptive innovation'???" -atm, shortly before nuking Palo Alto
Atm likes warm hugs
Atm started a civil war between the walmart employees and the in store subway employees
ATM Beastbrapper
ATM loves jerking it with icyhot as lube. He calls it at heat stroke
Atm lost a virginity to a muppet
"You're welcome, you crusty bitch." - ATM
Atm is apt
Atm farts blood
atm emits a different scent when he's near friends to signal to them that he trusts them
atm has been digging a pit in his basement since March 2020
atm's dad has fallen in the basement pit and come into contact with the Nazis at the center of the Earth, things sure are about to get wacky!
atm dreams of a Mexican ethnostate in Arizona
atm breaks into white peoples' homes and washes their legs
Atm can't keep track of how many elves he's impregnated
Atm specializes in male birth control for Italians. That's why he opened the first Vasectony clinic in New Jersey
Atm made so many katana builds in souls games, he's now a registered dex offender
Atm thinks Lap Pillow refers to sleeping on a Horsegirl's thighs after she went around the track
Atm invented a new system to "record" smells so he can mail hog stink across the US
Atm stopped being in the CS program because every computer hates him and would intentionally misbehave when he was trying to program
Hahahahahahahaha hahaha atm make us laugh
Atm plays Hearts of Iron 4 in a non-nazi way.
Hear ATM's farts on vinyl, now!
Atm was confused why so many people congratulated him for one year on E. He doesn't think doing this much mdma is worthy of praise
ATM's favorite pattern is paisley
atm is friends with big scrunko
ATM owns an outfit covered in the phrase "Leviticus 18:22", which he refers to as "The Drip"
atm posted a twink in the twunk channel, earning him his 2nd warning in the Discord for cataloging types of gays
atm doesn't wear sunscreen because he doesn't "fear the sun"
atm has an above-average number of orifices
ATM’s hat says “sausage bitch”, what could it mean?
atm is more critical of leftists than he is of nazis
every time atm shows his mom a tweet he made dunking on some dumbass blue check, she sighs and pours herself a glass of wine
atm unionized Nick's kids
atm calls asparagus spargent
ATM's womb tattoo glowed extremely bright during a showing of Morbius.
When ATM sneezes, everyone within 50 feet of him now likes being topped
atm has thick skin, its gross
atm calls his juicy ass Original Sin because its a burden he was born with
atm is a chaser
We live in a simulation and the reason everything sucks so much is because ATM is the one who programmed it
ATM is a scrunkoid
ATM is a Crunkoid
atm is inferted
ATM has pubes on the inside of his foreskin
ATM has teeth on his toes
Atm has a nice package
ATM's real name is Scrunkoid Mr. Finna
ATM called a plumber for his leakage
"Shenanigans?!?! More like SHENUNGLIBUNGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" - ATM
ATM's new meme is Scrunkoid Infinity
ATM's pick for Sexiest MTG Character 2021 was Krenko, Tin Street Kingpin
ATM is... infinity battleforce.
ATM's new name is Scrunkoid Plingus
ATM has cum on his teeth
ATM cums in a pot
ATM cums in a pot and then puts it in a different pot
ATM doesn't know how to BattleSlash
ATM has a suspicious amount of Mason jars around his house.
WHOA! All of ATM's favorite youtubers will be coming to minecon! Scrunkoid Plimbo, Bitch Fungus, Darksword FuckGuy, scumbo, bitch cum, Scringer Scrigger BOB,
ATM likes to watch his favorite Scrungotubers from Scrungolive on Scrungodex.net
ATM Darkblade always calls him mom for mother's day.
Atm went as existential dread for Halloween one year
atm has a sawzall and wants to know if he can hold your hand
Atm knows the name and address of everyone in his town who has an OnlyFans
atm doxxed Joe Biden
ATM's whereabouts during the demon core incidents are classified
ATM is directing his dream movie, "Scrunkoid vs Fracka Racka Gamers in 3D"
Atm is a hotep
Atm doesn’t reply to PMs
Atm wants to beat falafels to death with a hammer
ATM is actually the best golf player in the world, he just doesn't know it because he hates golf
Atm morbed on my face
Try the new pulp-free atm!
Why AREN'T you making your own English Muffins?!?!?! -ATM
Inside of an ornate silver-plated box, ATM keeps a post-it note with the phrase "beaver cleaver".
ATM tells his priest "I want to believe" after every mass
After the success of his EDM festival in Edmonton and his Dubstep festival in Dublin, atm is bringing the party to Lynchburg Virginia!
time for ATM to become an arsonist
Atm is in a harem
ATM’s soul fell out his butt and into a porta potty at a music festival
ATM is the chinese in food
ATM stole the world's first time machine to go back and drink the bathwater in ancient rome
ATM will help you shave your back!
Atm had sex in the walk in fridge at McDonald’s
ATM's body inspo is gundam fanfiction
ATM's health insurance in action: <https://i.imgur.com/ZAZAYmK.png>
atm is about to unleash the beast (unspecified)
ATM slept. As he slept he dreamt he was a big gay space deer, frolicking around and being gay in space. He forgot all about be ATM. When he woke up he wondered: am I ATM dreaming I'm a big gay space deer, or am I a big gay space deer dreaming I'm ATM? ||  || Answer: he's a big gay space deer dreaming all of reality
atm just came in the male teehee
atm crushes up ants and smokes them
atm plays Genshin Impact competitively
Atm is paid by the Duolingo owl to "take care" of any users who let their streaks slip
ATM isn't on fleek
ATM's favorite sex position is "The Sticky Wicket" and it involves a cricket bat.
atm's least favorite sex position is with women
ATM's favorite wrestler is Chris Benoit.
atm refuses to get his plimbo scrunked and it's getting smelly
"i have been owned epicly" - atm after being owned epicly
"this is my Rick and Morty-sona, Plimbo Scrunka Lunka!" -atm, showing you the stupidest fucking thing you've ever seen
atm had to be escorted out of the IMF's annual meeting because Kristalina Georgieva was wearing open toed shoes and atm just couldn't act right with such sweet little piggies on display like that
atm's boyfriend pogged a homunculus into his bussy and 9 months later a screaming bloody shriveled butt baby wriggled its way out. Nature is amazing
Atm knows the name of every clone trooper from Star Wars
atm got fired from his job at Wendy's for making the burgers circular
Atm is working on a knock off of Fall Guys called Blunder Boys
[A 90 minute movie of ATM in a busy street getting hit by cars over and over again in slow motion while onlookers look on in horror, shouting "noooo"]
ATM’s house is haunted
ATM's butt is haunted
ATM directed Shazam (2019) starring Ben Stiller
atm posts f'd up memes
Atm was the lead writer on the Pokemon Clover romhack
Phat: \*stops in the middle of his dinner, starts dry heaving, shrieks in agony, almost faints, bends over, starts shitting out his shredded intestines in a bout of explosive diarrhea* || ATM: I'll have what *he's* having!
atm slept in
atm is slept on
atm was hit by a car so hard that his brain was ejected out his anus with the eyes still attached and he was extremely aware of the journey through and out of his carcass before finally dying shortly after hitting the bottom of the retention pond 500 feet away
Atm sounds like James Corden. Atm cant speak on the phone because everyone hangs up when they hear him.
atm has a part-time job at a Nazi-themed maid cafe
Uh oh! ATM is trapped in the Phantom Zone surrounded by burly and horny Kryptonian men!
I saw Atm at a grocery store in Los Angeles yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything. || He said, “Oh, like you’re doing now?” || I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh? huh? huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying. || The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter. || When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly.
ATM accidentally packed himself for vacation
ATM only uses tea bags because proper tea is bourgeois
atm is such a libertarian he thinks the cat tax is theft
ATM put himself in a crock pot with apple cider vinegar, salt, and pepper for 8 hours and is ready for dinner
atm is ALCHEMY!
only atm poops
ATM has a pet centipede called Michael
ATM has a "vtuber" account called Scrunko Blunko, it doesn't use live2d or anything like that, he just taped an anime face onto his own
Atm has the cut of Morbius where Morbius morbs Atm to the Morbius lair and morbs Atm in his morbhole all while Atm morbs off on Morbius' mighty morphin' Morbazord
"Hmm yes... \*inhales\* that splimbo is... \*licks lips* quite scrungulent" - ATM
ATM invented a new type of Hololive called Scrumbolive
atm goes to Sweden and shares food and is generally friendly and outgoing
"wheres your big and tall section?" -atm, at the dildo store
Atm is a triathlete
ATM posted a blatant lie in multiple discord servers about mumei changing her name to Chuck Plimbo
Atm makes one-time use Styrofoam buttplugs
atm is so cool people assume he's trans
ATM is banned from his local dog shelter after he snuck in with altoids claiming he wanted to "mint some doge"
atm made a sum 41 parody song called "into vore"
"C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!!!" -atm, shouting at a child after he stole the apple juice from his happy meal
ATM is a cult.
ATM's real name is Speedfight Cumguy
ATM has astringent cum
ATM was in Cars 3, Who Framed Roger Rabbit-style! He was credited as *Adam Blontblonglery - Gross Car*
Atm wants to Make America Great Again...and by that he means he wants to bring back Alf
Atm is Chrisphobic
Atm made a Fallout: New Vegas dating app so he could “get dick from a girl with autism”
ATM's favorite Simpsons character is Graggle.
Atm made grapple juice, it’s not a mix of apple of grape
ATM shot a man dead in the middle of little Italy, little did he know he riddled some middleman who didn't do diddly.
atm is harmless to humans and animals
atm has no patience for fungi
it cannot be confirmed or denied that atm is a fun guy 🍄
it can be confirmed that atm is a gay
ATM wants Disney to take over government programs so he can get Thanos SNAP benefits.
ATM wants to "turbo-pack my stuff". Sus!
It's painfully obvious that ATM doesn't know about Slambo.
ATM’s boy hole has consumed the sun
ATM is a hotass
ATM is NOT dead. Just tired and ugly. Let him sleep.
Atm never does fan service on discord and it fucking sucks
ATM services his critics
ATM is aligned with the forces of darkness
ATM optimizes arguments with his boyfriends by speaking japanese, but to keep from needing to memorize symbols has decided to learn japanese so he can pick the correct response to finish his relationship any% run faster
atm sucks on purpose
ATM is planning on directing a January 6th porn parody called "Stealing the Erection"
pee extinguises atm and energizes atm
ATM was designed to be on all fours
June is ATM's mating season
ATM only believes in 2 genders, sad and happy
atm's attempt at making the pansexual flag white got off to a rocky start at DC Pride as he began shouting "White Pride" at a group of locals
atm argues on tumblr with people that pansexual and bisexual are different
Atm is gonna be on the Raytheon float at Capital Pride
for pride month ATM switches from photoshop to Gimp
atm's think Lion King 2: Simba's Pride is queercoded
Atm's think-box is broken
atm read Les Misérables and thought Jean Valjean should've been in prison for longer
"Stand back everyone, I'm morbing!" ATM says as he took a massive shit inside the movie theater.
ATM made Ratboy Genius.
knock knock, it's me the atm genius. I only came over to say "BLARGH"
ATM collects Chinese takeout boxes.
ATM won an eating contest against Oguri Cap
atm hopped out of bed this morning ready to eat a large amount of mice
ATM's unnaturally large head was the inspiration for Jimmy Neutron.
atm called Saul
ATM teaches belly dancing to paraplegics.
ATM prays to a different god every night in hopes one of them blessed him with a fatter ass.
ATM’s finally done it! He’s made a jacuzzi that works with mayo!
atm is a flat birther, he thinks Obama was born on a parallel and flat earth then sent here by the Jews (of course) and inflated by the homosexual agenda so he could bring about a new world order
atm's dad is lil B
atm is wondering why all these guys with the pretty flags in their twitter profiles hate firefighters so much
atm shit so much it gave his local wastewater utility workers PTSD
Atm is a brat, and not in the sexy way
ATM wrestled in the northeast independent circuit doing deathmatches under the name "Misogyny".
atm has better things to do than read all these facts
Atm gets all weird about using his crush’s first name
ATM was going to sacrifice a goat but fell in love and eloped
ATM gets Bill Clinton and George Clinton mixed up all the time.
"Camus? More like 'cum anus'!" -atm, on philosophy
atm clips merth's toenails in his sleep with his teeth
ATM is gay (pronounced with a soft ⟨g⟩)
"what are your favorite lips?" - ATM asked, on his third blind date
ATM has: "↩️: Scrunk 2."
The reason why ATM is so funny is because he's voiced by Patrick Warburton.
There's nothing quite like waking to the sound of a wet vac in the morning. -ATM
Atm has a Hisuian form
atm is the world's first Analyst/Therapist hybrid. He refers to himself as a Theralyst
To get where I got to, I had to go through so much heart cum, armpit cum and eye cum - atm on his small business
The sound of a tommy gun and ATM's farts are the same.
ATM is kinda fruity doe. Very delicious and high in vitamins.
*Chef ATM serving you tuna with a queen of spades playing card*  "There you go, blackened tuna"
ATM will fist fight you and you're not gonna like it
atm forgot
ATM misses when Medicare numbers was the same as the social security number, he's scamming old people less and less.
atm has had that Micky D if you know what i'm sayin
Atm is a professional fister in the Fistfighting Underground Coliseum Conglomerate (F.U.C.C)
Atm got the big pest control contract with his city because he listed “homeless” as pests
Atm is a member of the prestigious meteorological group called Stormfront
ATM is a lot more hairy than he cares to admit.
atm started from the bottom and now he's...here...huh
ATM is up
Atm has tried the farming life. It didnt work out because he never left enough for the livestock after his grazing.
Atm writes Senator Armstrong's speeches
atm bought a Garmin Quatix 7 and was VERY disappointed to learn it wasn't for that kind of water sports
atm thinks "sexual congress" refers to what he did with a certain someone from Ohio in a bathroom in Cannon HOB
atm got "spirited away" (kidnapped by a cartel)
ATM IS Korean street food; go to S. Korea, eat him, enjoy the sites.
atm met a friend in the ruins of a damaged dream (his dream was to eat 10L of mayo in under 30 minutes)
ATM is big brain but you aren't gonna like where he puts it
ATM just got his second warning for grooming local pigeons
ATM wants a scrunkjob?
ATM has got a urinary tract confection
atm is an evil scientist (economist)
Atm is an evil ENT doctor
"INTJ? More like Ent J amirite?" - atm smoking fat doinks in Amish
Atm emits four short unbranched dendrites innervated by the mossy fibers and a thin axon that branches into the parallel fibers.
Atm vored a vole
atm wets the bed and blames the blanket
ATM’s sperms have teeth
ATM is a pidge
ATM spends his free time teaching inner city youths how to Dougie
Atm refers to any neighborhood where you can get good chicken as “the bad part of town”
Atm likes when diplomatic situations get bad enough that America expels some country’s diplomats because it means slightly less terrible drivers
ATM was homoschooled
"No D.I.N.K. at pride" -atm, handing out children to gay couples
"No twink at pride" -atm, advocating for only healthy food vendors at his local pride festival
atm left a 1 star review for Sloppy Mama's BBQ on Langston Blvd because "nowhere on the premises was Margaret Thatcher shitting a diaper, there was no 'sloppy mama' it was just BBQ"
"no sink at pride" -atm, failing the local pride festival's health inspection
"No rink at pride" -atm, excluding Canadians
"No [redacted] at pride" -atm, massive racist
atm smells like cornchips
"No drink at pride" -atm, telling people they can't have alcohol at the pride parade
"no inc at pride" -atm, executing the entire board of Wells Fargo by running them over with a pride float
atm pickled his testicles
be sure to check out atm's nonfictional novel about his latest bout of salmonella! "Two Ways To Heaven"
ATM was super big into punk music in the 70s and 80s, which is why he votes republican now.
ATM has a terrible breeding fetish
ATM just used 「Ｉｎｆｉｎｉｔｙ Ｂｌａｓｔ」 to kill a child
atm thought he was jerking off while looking at himself in the mirror but he was actually looking out his 2nd floor bedroom window at James Corden jerking off
atm isn't actually a citizen
atm gives his kids lots of nicotine and coffee so their growth will be stunted and they'll be more likely to survive the coming apocalypse or have an easier time as fighter jet pilots
ATM has a terrible bleeding fetish
Atm has impure thoughts about kobolds
"Oh yeah I'm REALLY into short stacks" - ATM about to eat a lot of pancakes.
Atm did the bassline in the soundtrack for Bully
atm jerks off with mayonnaise
When atm visits breweries he jerks off into all the vats
Atm went to SeaWorld to get an anemone enema
Atm likes Imagine Dragons
atm is procedurally generated
atm has a different Che Guevara shirt for every day of the week
Atm wants a gf that hates him
ATM killed honor.
Atm has weekly coffee with Cthulhu
Atm asks for his mom's permission to surf the web every time
atm just "released the kraken" (he had a lot of takoyaki last night)
ATM wishes a happy Pride Month to his favorite queer icon, Pete Buttigieg.
atm was really disappointed to find out what the Octo-mom actually was
atm would like to apologize for the comments he made about Morgan Freeman, he was unaware that Morgan had just died
you would not believe how well atm's mommy, vomit and harpy fetishes came together!
atm has been slowly moving the American border north in remote areas to see how far he can get before anyone notices or cares
atm genetically engineered a giant parasitic wasp then had it lay eggs in Texan politicians and when they got the eggs removed to save their lives, he executed them for capital murder
atm outsources his bodily functions to India
atm doesn't actually pee that hard, gravity is just slightly higher around him
ATM plays the xylophone in an 80s new wave band.
ATM graduated last in medical school
Please keep ATM away from the burger restaurant where the women's baseball team are having lunch.
ATM traded his 3 Bored Apes for a cheeseburger
atm found a genie lamp and asked for nautical nonsense
ATM looks vaguely south american
atm has a cute ahoge
atm is average height with brown hair and a bigger than average penis
when atm's in town, every city is horniville
ATM had very much the wrong idea about the meaning of the word "umami"
Person: Hey atm do you have a type? || *atm picturing a Case IH Quadtrac 550 on fire in the middle of a wheat field outside of Manitoba* ummmmm no?
ATM likes his back rub with peanut oil, pretends he's a french fry
ATM sold some caffeinated eggs to a business of ferrets
Atm sure does look cute today
ATM’s best friend in high school was a kindly old German guy who turned out to be a war criminal
Atm uses the postage meter at work to stamp personal international letters
Atm actually did get cancer from talking on a cellphone
ATM's favorite part of golf tournaments is when the players shout their move names
atm is now aware of his own breathing
ATM never dresses business casual, he's always business stricken-with-fear-peed-a-little, with a nice tie
"Get OUT!!!" Screamed ATM at aunt May, the webbing binding his hands not quite as strongly as the new trauma in her mind.
ATM was a popular black comedian in the 90s with his own TV show, now he's bald and hosting game shows.
ATM said anime is a genre
ATM's loot table drops an epic chastity belt
atm always included fan service in his papers in college
ATM has been hiking 5 miles every day recently, look at his calves! <https://imgur.com/a/BgqLJvK>
Atm has unrequited feelings for someone he met on Discord
ATM likes sucking toes and thinks athlete's foot adds extra flavor.
ATM Plimbo
atm invented Beast Fuck
ATM is ShindoL's script writer
ATM's real name is "Pepito" Vasquez
Atm's gaming chair has THAT smell.
ATM stole and pawned my washer and dryer so that he could buy heroin and armpit jobs.
atm never got over that one ex and now he's making it everyone elses' problem
if you want to date atm, you have to beat up his exes (they are not evil and do not want to fight you)
If you want to be atm's lover, you've gotta get with his deep hatred of minorities and women
atm does all the certification at the "certified pre-owned" section of his local sex toys store
atm cannot tell a lie but his friends and family wish he would
atm always wears loose clothing while working with lathes
atm values all human life, he has a spreadsheet that he constantly updates
atm runs a daycare out the back of a van in the strip club parking lot
ATM can transmute any element into cum, giving him the nickname "Full Cum Alchemist".
ATM has... so much gangrene. So, so, much gangrene.
Atm is discord moderator academy certified
atm has never known the love of a woman
Atm is a certified hood classic
atm handles anal beads like a lawnmower ripcord
ATM is a big train otaku.
Genie: "You said elf wife, right?" || ATM: "No, ALF wife!"
Atm got really into the idea of elf on the shelf until he found out it's about Santa elves and not fantasy elves wanting to get impregnated
Atm thinks road head requires being covered in hot tar
Atm has an infinite tapeworm
"I'm the CIA and you're a Central American country, I hope you're ready for an inside job" - ATM's newest sex roleplay
Unprompted, ATM sucked off every gorilla and bought a gun.
atm has joined a...club?
atm told me a weird sex joke this morning. Last time I go to CVS!
atm can unboil water
ATM has a fertile anus
ATM's first, and last, shift of working on a local farm ended when he closed up for the day and put all the cows in the freezer.
atm has telethermoknesis
ATM's superpower is like Magneto for penises
atm went to Cancun and totally misunderstood the spelling and nature of the place
Originally titled Meet Virgin, the song was about ATM before heavy alteration.
ATM loves shipping characters who never met in canon because they are hot.
ATM is a black person
atm has the supernatural ability to accurately assert the verisimillitude of bananas in photographs
ATM lost his lover to a penguin named Grape.
ATM's got more wood than Hammond Lumber Company
ATM thinks he can tell how smart someone is on-sight by estimating their brain volume.
Where da ass go? LOL -ATM
ATM thinks "thirst trap" refers to the femboy he pees on every Thursday.
"They gained great power, yes, but it came at a heavy cost; forty percent of each of their souls" || - ATM on the Mark of Cain
Atm can't think straight *teehee*
ATM declaws catboys' penises
atm thinks Goku is the coolest DBZ character
ATM invented Gangstore
atm is so unpleasant to look at that he's been ordered to live underground and only come out at night
atm has sausage nipples
atm is stackable
ATM is going to pee-hell ||heaven?||
ATM is the ghost haunts truckers at night by giving them unexpected kisses while doing 90 on the freeway
ATM won't stop fiddling with things! damnit!
atm actually has feelings for someone, something he thought he'd never experience again after *she* broke his heart
atm just found out Frida Kahlo is dead
atm likes wesley
ATM likes to head out back with a friend and throw around the ol'...
ATM's voice sounds exactly like Randy Newman
ATM needs to take a shit, but phat clogged one of his toilets, and merth is on the other one reading reddit
ATM is also known as the Boston Clogger
Atm designed the cazadors in Fallout New Vegas
ATM is Dwayne Johnson's lover, you can call him "Rock's bottom"
If atm tries to count past two, he bursts into flames.
*WEE WOO WEE WOO* Monster™ Sponsor Ambulance coming through!! 🚨🚑🚨 ATM knotted with a femotaur gamer and is having a breech birth!!
"Mama, I just killed a man" - ATM confessing his sins to Merth's cat.
ATM ghostwrote Fallout Equestria
ATM does a lot of animal testing, his capybara student just passed their calculus exam!
ATM reported his Mountain Dew to ICE because he doesn't like warm soda.
atm actually can turn lead into gold but the lead has to come from the air and theres a lot less of that since liberals went and ruined gasoline
atm unionized the lobster tank at Red Lobster
atm has a generally positive opinion of the Pinkertons, like, those coal miners should've just done their jobs yaknow?
if you kill atm, he'll be really sad!
why yes atm does know what its like to hit a skyscraper at 425 knots, why do you ask?
atm can say "I love you" in 14 different languages but he's never heard it in 1 😔
"This a Mitty beat" -*atm starts rapping about vaporizing his only friend*
atm made a re-education camp for hamsters
ATM's favorite fruit is this server.
S is for Sex 'em, D is for Dick 'em, A to C for everything inbetween || - ATM, certified sex hog
A level 1 ATM only has one spell
I "accidentally" "stepped on" my "cat" || - ATM, explaining his night in with his kinky lover
Atm commissioned art of his fursona as roadkill and wearing a wedding dress. Guess things didn’t go so great with his ex-wife’s tennis coach!
ATM has a restaurant where your seasoning is determined by your MyHeritage results
atm is the defender of the denny's parking lot
Atm keeps posting pictures of his ex-girlfriend’s new boyfriend to r/gaping_assholes
"Get isekai'd? I'd rather get kissing a guy!" -atm, deflecting a weeb troll
atm thought that shark vtuber was a member of GWAR until very recently
ATM never watched Scarface but totally wants to be like Tony Montana.
ATM was hung by the gallows, he would later be arrested for indecent exposure and fined $500.
ATM has 6 fingers on his right hand.
atm doesn't have that sexy upper midwest accent
atm challenged satan to a rap battle with a golden microphone
people like atm think that the devil drink daiquiris listening to jimmy buffett
ATM runs an aphrodisiac infused sandwich shop called "The Mating Press"
ATM wears thigh highs, not because it's sexy but because he has varicose veins.
Atm can suck a golf ball through a reacharound
"Alchemist is good but I prefer Jacket" - atm, on the Full Metal franchise
ATM constantly commits arson to meet the hot fireman he has a one night stand with.
"Why do they call it minecraft, you can't even mine or craft" - atm, constantly punching chickens
Atm claims he's a waterman because of how often he commits arson
Atm loves going on Disney cruises
ATM pogs to bird feet
Atm dips his chicken nuggets in sesame oil
Atm dips his chicken nuggets (chuggets) in 🅱️esame oil
Atm thinks salad with ranch dressing is eating lettuce with chaps and overalls
atm dips his COCK in BOILING OIL
Atm dips his balls in fun dip
Atm thinks the recipe for the perfect blowjob involves mixing mentos, diet coke and pop rocks  in his mouth beforehand
Atm went to Hawaii because he wanted to see hot smagma inside a volcanussy
atm cares deeply about "vapers' rights"
atm likes his milky like he likes his soup, chunky, carbonated and warm
atm is the reason why American bathtubs suck for adults to use
atm thought "Coyote Ugly" was goggledog's fursona, not a bad movie from over 20 years ago
atm runs a rapid broom repair business called Attackthemoon's Zoom Broom Grooming
atm has had intimate sexual contact with a bus
The first fictional character atm was attracted to is Alf
Atm is still looking for a telenovela mommy to clean his apartment
Atm has two self-published books on Amazon. One titled 'Why I hate women' and the other 'Why I love women'
Atm drew a comic book where his family loves him and his dad beats up his bullies
Atm always buys the mannequins when clothing stores have going out of business sales
Atm has a more intimate relationship with his dakis than he’s had with a human in the past 5 years
Atm smells like French fries
Atm is a complete sentence
Atm just wants to be held
atm is just straight-up racist
atm has large hands
atm is a hard worker
atm is hard
ATM smells nice today.
ATM beats up my bullies for me.
ATM volunteers to help out various charities.
ATM makes the best burgers.
Atm made a HUGE DONATION to a charity for firemen
ATM is a huge Hamilton fan.
Atm can either have big vivacious tiddies or a grandiose juicy booty but never both at the same time
Atm has heat vision that is slightly hotter than room temperature
atm got mad that his local casino never did a land acknowledgement
atm went to Nice and was disappointed to find it was not nice but in fact, full of French people
atm's parents have asked him not to refer to them as "mom" or "dad" in public
atm painted the mural of Goku and Mario eating nachos thats on the wall of his local Mexican restaurant
atm has an over-active imagination and an under-active sex life
atm opened a maid cafe where the maids have to be nice to you
atm wanted to kill John Lennon even before he read Catcher in the Rye
atm went to a conveyor belt sushi place and got stuck to the belt and dragged back to the kitchen and the chef killed him and made him into sushi
atm is something something I dunno I don't feel good
the ghost stopped haunting atm when it saw the kind of porn he watched
atm has an adorable little ghost that helps him out at his terrible job
atm thought a cardinal sin was when you insulted the Arizona Cardinals, atm's favorite baseball team
You treat others the way you want to be treated which is why atm electrocutes race horses
atm totally has the thighs for a miniskirt
atm put tin foil in one of the homosexual microwaves and erased Detroit
Atm can build things using common household items like MacGyver except he can only do so with items that have been inserted into someone's anus first
Atm will give you the rest when you come back
ATM's oshi is Todd Howard
Atm was disappointed by the nine circles of hell. He can think of at least 25 more that would be cooler
Atm keeps pitching a reality show about insulting women to NBC
ATM's refractory period is 5-7 business days
atm has thritties (throat titties)
atm is "cultivating a musky aroma" (not showering)
atm invented yikescrime
atm filled an anime figurine cum jar in one pog-off once
ATM's favorite rapper is an anime catgirl.
Atm is really good at keeping in *touch*
for atm, any swing is a sex swing. this is why he never goes to public parks
If atm touches you, you lose a level.
ATM is a cryptozoologist, he puts techbros in cages.
atm got the Mackerel ending 16 times in a row in Nier:Automata
ＡＴＭはｃｕｃｋです
ATM has an exact copy of the Georgia Guidestones in his backyard, with the only difference being that one of them is just homestuck fanfiction written in sanskrit
Elephants never forget, that's why ATM always carries Elephant-grade roofies
A depiction of ATM's victory over a local prince he insulted: <https://i.imgur.com/JI1wpRS.png>
no one has ever seen atm naked and lived
atm's cat calls him slurs
I once saw atm drink 14 beers in less then 5 minutes
Atm was in a frat
Atm likes his porn like he likes his band tshirts, vintage
Atm quaffed my wine
Atm is passionate about anime and the Democratic Party
Have you seen my large and unruly cock?" - ATM looking for his wild chickens.
ATM bought out every single bottle of lotion within 50 miles in order to prepare for the Chainsaw Man anime.
Yarrr atm is looking for scallywags to handle is pirate shit
Despite common belief, ATM's favorite girl from Chainsaw Man is Kobeni.
Atm is a polygamist
Atm is a polygamiest
Atm was put in charge of fixing japan's birth rate by Shinzo Abe himself
ATM is the 10th member of the Wu Tang Clan.
Atm is the 6th member of the DK crew
ATM gets around.
Atm was a Beatle
Atm puts beans on toast, but the cat doesn't like it
ATM pretends to be a light skinned black guy to astonishing success.
Atm made a black woman OC to get the n word pass and the b-word pass
Bugs Bunny in drag was ATM's sexual awakening.
ATM thought Toby Fox played Spiderman
atm is one of those Americans that speaks their native English with a heavy Japanese accent that you see in anime
Atm listens to Death Grips on his iPhone 5’s speaker on the bus
Atm thought “trauma dumping” was when you lose your bowels after getting hit by a Baltimore MTA bus on July 17, 2022 just after leaving the National Aquarium
Atm can’t stop thinking about two male centaurs kissing
ATM be like "Jamaicans are vulgar" then go on and date a Bajan 😂😂
ATM actually enjoys visiting Kingston.
ATM owns a mansion in Sangre Grande.
ATM can't tell the difference between a Hassidic Jew and a Rastafari.
ATM hangs out in the Beetham.
ATM adopted a Trinidadian kid so he can legally be called a "Trinidaddy" but not in a weird way.
ATM hates Montserrat.
ATM conquered St. Lucia and renamed it St. Lucina after his favorite Fire Emblem character.
ATM isekai'd the island of Bermuda.
atm giggles any time someone mentions "grey poupon"
ATM was very disappointed when he learned that the citrus in Curaçao isn't actually blue.
ATM thought Medicaid Expansion was a fetish thing.
ATM marries his friends so they can get on his insurance plan.
Atm has a lifeguard fetish
ATM serves his enemies his own version of Frosted Flakes, it's just dandruff and cum.
ATM cries if you are mean to him.
Atm measures his furry porn in pounds
ATM was a Founding Father.
ATM slumbers in the Earth's core and he's stirring awake.
ATM was an inside job
ATM got a blowjob from Marvin the Martian.
ATM will buzz you
ATM got REALLY into stocks after learning about Bull and Bear markets.
ATM directed "Tip Drill".
Atm has fond memories (someone should really clean his brain pan)
*atm putting a whole fish in the garbage disposal* "huh never expected that to give me an erection"
ATM is holding a slam poetry charity fundraiser for victims of domestic abuse
atm dabs with only one arm
atm is the most hated man in Canada
atm lured jher into his basement with the promise of free yaoi then made him put on a yukata at gunpoint
atm wrote THIS IS POOP on the side of his local church using mud
man, atm sure does wish a woman would fall for him in a cute way and it would blossom into a long-lasting romance between soulmates!
find yourself a man who looks at you the way atm looks at the sweat on a women's volleyball team bench
atm had a sexual awakening while reading an Octavia Butler book
Atm was really sad when he found out cigarette butts aren't similar in any way to real butts
atm has an hourglass figure and his titties are almost out of sand
ATM REALLY misinterpreted what "Fruit on Bottom" meant.
Atm has a golf ball sized cyst in his lower back that dispenses pancake mix when squeezed
Atm got 3 manslaughter charges dropped after he blamed it on Ohio in court
Inspired by the Facebook of sex and Twitter for fuck, atm made Geoguesser for anal prolapses
Atm is the world's first Mangakkka
Atm can shear a sheep in 10 seconds flat
Atm loves you THIIIIIIIIIIIS much || 🖐️                                                            🖐️
Atm bought a new vacuum sealing machine for his new mail-order bride in a box service, inspired by those podcast mattresses
atm deliberately mispronounces white people's names when he's checking them in to vote
atm has never gotten bored during a long weekend at boarding school where most of the other students went home so he waterboarded his friend and it shows
Atm gets his plushies steam cleaned every month because, yknow 😉
atm put on his fursuit and went to the vet to see if they'd euthanize him and they did it
atm has legs that just won't quit because they want to get fired so they can claim unemployment
ATM thought Derecho was the newest Genshin Impact element.
atm just GAPED big chungus, leaving his chussy looking like a dark and white chocolate glazed donut
atm broke into Jhonty's apartment and put all his Nenderoids in his foreskin
atm wanted to play a silly prank when he met the queen of england but ended up sharting himself
Atm is in the top 100% of the best atms
atm nicknamed his dick the The Beaver Cleaver
atm was the first pope
atm walks around with alligator clips on his perineum
Atm took 5 ambien and ate an entire couch
atm is a fan of milkshakes
Youtubes "most rewatched" section feature is really telling on atm
Atm was dropped by the stork on the way to his Italian parents
"Time to crack some eggs for Pride!" - ATM running an inclusive breakfast spot
"I'm making the mother of all omelets, can't fret over a few eggs!" - atm, still running the breakfast spot
Uh oh atm needs his stomach pumped after he drank all of the water on the women's side of the onsen
due to recent events involving the Baltimore MTA, atm no longer has feelings for a certain Canadian member of this server or below his neck for that matter
ATM owns a daycare called "Les Enfants Terrible"
atm misheard his doctor and took melanin supplements before going to bed. At least now he gets the pass
atm has a DUMPY
Tune in next week for the ATM beach episode where he WILL hang dong
Atm shouldn't be allowed to build sand castles, he always ends up building the Reichstag
Daily horoscope! Your next atm fact pull will reveal your greatest fear
Atm tied his opponent in a tennis match but got DQd when he took things a bit too literally and took a dump on the court
"It's not felching if I use a breast pump" - atm, unprompted at Chipotle
*atm watching the decorations from a clown-themed restaurant get broken up and thrown in the back of a garbage truck* "huh, I'm super turned on right now"
Atm was in his high school’s a cappella dubstep band
atm made a porn parody of "Their Eyes Were Watching God" called "Those Guys Are Fucking Todd"
ATM's favorite party trick is doing impressions of various characters from The Office
ATM's cum can be used to seal up holes in the wall.
Atm booby trapped his own house so that if he ever has a big breasted woman over he has multiple ways of "accidentally" falling face first into their chest
Atm refuses to read manga from right to left.
ATM refers to bisexuals as "part time gays"
If you make ATM say his real name backwards he gets a boner.
guys atm hates us
Atm has gotta catch 'em all...and by that he means every strain of the common cold in existence
Atm doesn't understand why everyone keeps flipping him off while he drives. || Coincidentally, he recently stuck a bumper sticker on his car that has his favorite year (the year the Royal Netherlands Navy was formed)
Atm can suck any liquid out of any fabric
Jher recently signed an exclusive, sealed, contract with atm
Atm went to Canada so he could suck the syrup straight from the tree
Atm announces when he’s no longer single to the discord servers he’s in
Atm once kidnapped Todd Howard and forced him to re-enact the opening of Skyrim for Atm's amusement
"Bethesda deez nuts" - ATM, unprompted
Atm got into the mod scene when he modded all the Elder Scrolls games to display whether pieces of food were kosher
idk man, atm is just like that
ATM unironically enjoys white women music.
Atm can beat you up with just his pinky
*atm drawing the best art of Sonic getting a rimjob from Richard Nixon you've ever seen* "rgkg"
atm was bullied a lot so he learned karate and when he broke out his sweet karate moves, he got bullied even more for being cringe
Atm has been gone too far for thanksgiving but it’s a lot easier than just being around the river
atm is dating another member of the discord and they're both pretending like they aren't dating
ATM's left ear produces 1 gallon of ear wax every month
When he's not wearing his contacts, atm frequently mixes up his toilet with his fridge
Atm saw jfk venting on November 22, 1963. How sus!
Atm wishes he wasn’t sleeping alone tonight
atm thinks his bot fly infestation should qualify him to be able to celebrate mothers' day
Not only does atm never return his shopping cart, he also makes sure to cover as much of it as possible with his spit before launching it down the parking lot
Atm misses the rain down in Africa
atm is a passionate democrat, he can't name any of his state or local politicians except the governor and even then he's fuzzy on the details
atm wears his "notorious RBG" t-shirt to brunch
atm hates going to PTA meetings because he has to "Hide his power level" (his words)
ATM was ejected from the PTA meeting after mooning the assembly
ATM's latest Billy Joel style album is titled, *Barefoot, Standing Naked At The Urinal*
atm refuses the help of merthwives, freemerthing is HIS choice.
atm has a nice butt
ATM's first video series was called *Working With Rubber*
ATM puts the "Student Driver" sign on his car so people can excuse his terrible driving.
atm will censor the word butt in work emails, but not ass
A directed a Nativity porn parody called "Ass of the Manger".
atm's favorite part of the US National Anthem is the Rocket's red glare 💄
atm asks people what things they like just so he can shit on them
atm owns 17 different meat tenderizers and yet has never used any of them for preparing food
Can't believe ATM hates freedom
atm thinks the "best girl" is the one reading this fact right now haha here's my number
atm thought "ego death" involved a gun or something, if he wanted to eat gross fungus he'd go back to that creepy mansion in Mexico
Atm has produced enough cum in his lifetime to fill 3 football stadiums
atm was promoted in the NYPD for his idea to name the crackdown on people selling tamales on the subway "Operation Cholocaust"
Atm thinks when someone says they're goated it means they want to be milked
ATM’s anime archetype is “big boobs and stupid”
Atm was really sad when he first visited waffle house and that the walls were made of brick
Atm can fit 23 golf balls into his mouth
atm goes to Outback Steakhouse for authentic Australian cuisine
Atm can fit 39 tennis balls into his mouth
atm can, in fact, shit out a softball
Atm can only fit one battery into his mouth because he just swallows them immediately
Atm thought if he ordered a tomahawk steak at the restaurant he could use it to scalp the waiter and get his money back
atm is high concept
Atm went to a mirror house and couldn't figure out which one was himself
atm was finna wented´s upon a blankforce battlefight arena location and was screava confuse with as regards to whomta and gamers he
"atm? who'll?" - uncouth dog
there is a frankly incredible amount of atm's semen in the local dump
atm has various smelling salts to get him through the trials of taking a shit
ATM’s go to Subway order is a live rat on wheat, extra oil
ATM once had John Wayne spit in his mouse
Atm pees microplastics
ATM is the new Onceler
"Reddit moment" - Atm after being informed he was banned from the local gym for harassing the fat members
ATM set Merth on fire.
ATM knows and is known at all the gay bars in Miami
ATM knows all his homies' final forms
atm never stopped loving you, not once
ATM is currently feeling
atm lives in a third world country (thats all of them idiot, Earth is the 3rd planet from the sun)
cut atm and a fascist bleeds (the spell worked)
atm goes to Best Buy with his goth gf to make out in front of the Razer peripherals display
ATM's signature move in role-playing games is "I cut off my balls and throw them in his face"
atm chungus and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race
atm doesn't know if he wants to watch the Star Wars prequels, Dune or Harry Potter
atm made a shot-for-shot remake of Predator (1987) using the rats in his walls
Atm just spilled adulting sauce all over the bus
After a series of whacky and unlikely slipups, atm ended up sitting on merth's face on the day of the culture festival.
Atm is out for delivery
Atm thinks the A in LGBTQIA+ stands for him
atm has a birthday
Atm is the father of everyone on this server
Atm has a rivalry with Dennis Prager about who can do the most damage to an Arby's restroom
ATM sets the gas prices
atm gives spicy handjobs
if you run 70 amps or so straight into atm the noise he makes can function as a civil defense siren for about 45 seconds before he expires
atm wants to crush a member of this server
atm always gives potential dates a 150 question test to determine their "anime character archetype" before the first date. None have ever filled it out.
Atm is really soft, even his bones!
ATM wrote *Where The Wild Things Are* as a journey through his chest hair.
Atm and his crush got locked in the equipment building together.... what will happen 😳
ATM invented saying dumb shit like plimbo and skungo
atm sets an unrealistic standard of beauty
ATMs have three separate larval stages
Every time ATM walks into any bar, all the patrons and staff immediately greet him
ATM wants to support local businesses but they all kinda suck.
ATM gets Madonna and Maradona mixed up all the time.
ATM refers to hanging out with friends as "off collabs"
atm went to tokyo and found quintuplets to fullfil his fantasies. 24h later they found him in an alley missing a kidney. Mission Accomplished !
atm forced himself to have a midlife crisis when he was 15 in the hopes it would manifest something
its atm's birthday next week! Buy him anime figures and send them to Connor who will definitely send them to atm, for atm's birthday
atm's toddler is clearly smarter than he is
like an evil AI from a middling sci-fi plot, atm cannot handle paradoxical questions and statements
ATM thinks the stingray is innocent.
Atm thinks, therefore he is
Atm is still upset about the North Stars moving to Dallas
ATM's favorite video game of the 21st century is Naughty Bear
Atm has a buttplug shaped ice cube tray
Atm has a killer Rob Schneider impression. Literally. Everyone who has seen him do it has died.
atm looks like the kind of guy that would enjoy ABC sitcoms
atm built a garbage collector for C
Atm is an excelerationist. He uses the shittiest spreadsheet software available and then sends the resulting files off to other people so everyone appreciates Microsoft Excel more.
atm's favorite mid-day snack is wet sand
Atm keeps a list of all games where any of the characters says a racial slur
facts don't care about your feelings, but atm does
atm doesn't own a cheese grater; he has a perfectly working pair of buttcheeks
atm doesn't need a panini press; he has a perfectly working pair of buttcheeks
Atm argued with the surgeon that he would be ok to drive home by himself after his laser eye surgery
Atm dubbed Wild Wild West in Navajo
ATM is: || Mad ✅  || Dog water ✅  || Bad ✅  || Dog water ✅
Atm is basically a human Swiss army knife
Atm is a social experiment gone wrong
Throughout the multiverse, atm has tried again and again to assassinate hitler but every time he ends up getting woo'd. It's estimated that over 50% of the Waffen SS is comprised of atm's time clones
ATM hates 98% of these facts
for only 49.99 you can watch atm's documentary on how the 1996 US Election was stolen
"Damn I'd tap that" -ATM, next to the giant peach water tower in Georgia
atm could eat a peach for hours
Atm is pregnant ! it's a camel !
atm got a copy of Madden 2003 at a Yard sale for 40$ and he still can't believe he got away with that
atm made an erotic short film about putting baby powder between his asscheeks named "Talcum in the middle"
atm put a first gen holo charizard in the spokes of his bike so that it makes a cool noise
Atm has the lap time record on the Nürburgring. He was using an unicycle
Atm loves his job at an Amazon warehouse! Unrelated, atm has a degradation fetish
ATM's primary source of income is related to exports of poppy seeds from Afghanistan
All the insults atm uses come from AskReddit threads
atm always pees to the exact beat of the FF6 battle theme
never ask atm his type
Atm fought hard to give Aharen-san a deep booming voice for the English dub but was ultimately overridden and fired
ATM made Piccolo green
atm has been flirting a lot with a Canadian in his discord server this past week or so <:flushedw:828465323882971186>
atm is one of those Patriots from New England
Atm lost a fight about economics to someone with an anime profile pic on Twitter
Atm posts all the good gay diaper porn in the politics channel because he knows people don’t look at it
atm was radicalized by a bunch of mentally ill NEETs making up weird facts about him for a year and a half straight when he kinda figured people would get bored of it after a week
Atm evangelizes “the greatest story ever told” on the street corner (Friends, not the Bible)
ATM has a freezer full of milk bags with the initials "A.S." on them.
ATM knows how to reverse Yakub's engineering.
ATM ordered sushi to be eaten off a hot woman's body and tricked her into eating a ghost pepper first
Atm is... mid.
Atm snorts pool chlorine
ATM listens to PSY every day
atm is the lead signer of the Declaration of Independence
atm is banned from the Craps table after he took things a bit too literally. That's right he threw actual snake eyes on the table
Atm runs an anime poll bracket for best girl and best boy every year. So far Obama and Hillary have won every time
Atm always wears headphones around his neck. Imagine the smell 😍
Atm wrote a harem manga about himself where he goes on wacky sexual escapades with US presidents
atm learned his oshi was pregnant and decided to stalk her
atm is really into GTA RP
atm owns a real life ad-blocker. it's 12 gauge
atm has a collection of british Video Nasties
atm runs the International Pacman Festival in Wagga Wagga, NSW. In other news ATM is being sued by Bandai Namco
no one atm should have all that power
New game + unlocked || You can now play as black atm
Oh god oh fuck atm got a job at foot locker
Atm gets nightmares about minecraft mobs
Atm always carries a bucket of water in case he needs to jump off a building safely
Atm is a func_vehicle entity
ATM uses azerty
Atm is very smug about how he learned to use Dvorak keyboards
To atm... Dick's sporting goods is just Sporting goods.....
Atm sits while showering and stands while taking a bath
Atm wrote all of Taylor Swift's songs
Atm puts hornets in his nose for fun
Atm shits his pants every time he eats taco bell (on purpose)
Atm just drove his car through the wall of an elementary school gym, lmao just libra things 🤪
ATM takes piss bottles from construction sites and resells it as "kombucha".
"Coors light ? You mean PISS ?" -atm, unprompted at the country club
Atm is a penny abolitionist. He fucking hates that Big Bang Theory character
ATM Framed Roger Rabbit
ATM wears reddit merch
Atm has to wear a cone so he doesn't lick his balls after the surgery
Atm had his cone removed via C-section
ATM is a bee
atm regularly mixes up spark plugs and butt plugs
Atm, when asked to describe his political leaning, simply replied "🥸 🛢️ 🥧 🪀 " out loud
"Downvotes, really ???" - atm at city hall after he suggested segregating the water fountains
atm invented new game plus
ATM only plays games made by an all lesbian female Japanese game company.
ATM opened a law enforcement only community garden called "Cop and Seed".
ATM lost his virginity to asset forfeiture
Atm made a 7 hour video essay about the first shrek movie
Atm, buying a new RTX GPU "You're telling me Ray traced this lighting?"
ATM is the only living creature that is conscious and has free will
All work and no play makes atm a bored ape
Atm can't handle more than 256 colors
Little known fact, atm started as a fanfiction for Teen Wolf
ATM got in the robot the first time his daddy asked
atm is the Margaret Thatcher of anal sex if you know what I mean 😉
atm wishes "Super Cub" was named something less sexual and misleading
atm gets carsick
atm's birthday falls on a full moon this year
atm would like you to please stop talking about that
atm watches too much anime
all of ATM's  anime watches him
ATM draws tiny penises on all of Merth's cigaruts
ATM had 15 tattoos done with water
Atm misses the days when the yellow ribbon 🎗️ support the troops bumper stickers were more popular
Atm is Guamanian for "I love you"
atm made a tote bag out of merth's still screaming face
atm makes Trader Joe's a part of his personality
I once saw atm deepthroat and empty an entire can of Pringles in 10 seconds
atm breeds guinea pigs in his basement to prepare for the apocalypse
ATM ported Resident Evil to the Gameboy color
ATM eats onions like apples
ATM smells like french onion soup
ATM is allergic to parsnip
Atm is just the amalgamation of quintuplets
One of the songs on ATMs new album *Journey To Cuum* is titled *Until The Traffic Stops*
Atm added himself to the tsundere wiki
Atm has 10TB of hard drive space dedicated to anime girls pouting
Atm played too much dota and now when he feels sick he eats an entire tree
Atm is soypogging over the new Disney + star wars shows
When the rapture comes, only atm shall ascend
Atm does a perfect impression of Mario touching burning goop from Super Mario Sunshine
atm built custom funko pops celebrating his hometown's police officers
One of the songs on ATMs new album *Journey To Cuum* is titled *Put the gun away Merth, I'm getting a free pat down*
ATM fell asleep on the train and missed his stop.
atm is futashika
atm is so dense he falls faster than 32 ft per sec
atm created and directed stranger things season 2
atm can't pull out and pray because he's an atheist
atm claims to be a sherlockian, despite having only seen the anime adaptation
When ATM windmills his dick he calls it "The wavering particular"
atm steals from the poor to give to the rich (Furigana: works for the IRS)
ATM moved to Japan so he could cum in people's shoes that are left in the foot lockers in restaurants and schools
Atm is now available dubbed!
atm wants his ashes stored in a campbell's soup can
atm has a salt lick in his yard for when he is dehydrated and is in need of trace minerals
atm climbs the perugala without fear
atm turned higherfive into an eggo waffle
atm started a recycling program at his local high school that created an even bigger carbon footprint
atm put out a hit on the man who invented paper straws
Every single Tom Clancy novel is an ATM intrusive thought
ATM thought Chun Li was Big Chungus's sister.
atm misunderstood what a "cake topper" was and ruined the wedding reception
atm refuses to get the "experimental gene therapy jab" (rabies shot after he got attacked by 12 raccoons)
Atm lives rent-free in his mom’s basement
atm's icebreaker on dating apps is "Wanna see my arma gamemode" (spoiler it's a dick pic)
Atm has a BO Box. You can send him jars of sweat from anywhere in the continental US!
Atm sneaks into the house of recently widowed women at night and whispers "you have to let me go"
The ferengi were actually based on atm
atm collects Polly Pocket and Mighty Max toys
Atm was the puppeteer controlling Potty on Spongebob
Atm is going to kill you (in golf)
atm rolls coal (into a blunt)
ATM (בַּעַל) appears about 90 times in the Hebrew Bible in reference to various gods.
atm reproduces via budding
The first videogame atm ever played was Super Mario Bros. 2 on the SNES
ATM invented... racism!?
ATM is the hegemonic ideal
atm hungers for human flesh
ATM busts fat hogs.
ATM was the reference used to model Funky Kong
atm lies as easily as he breathes
ATM always saves the day.
ATM Fact 20000 will contain the N-word, the R-word, and both C-words
atm's name is spelled with the characters for "clown" and "disembowel"
ATM is the attorney general of Columbus, Ohio.
atm wears a muzzle because he feels he can't be trusted around small children
ATM knows all his homies (biblically)
Atm has a minions “let’s go Brandon” sticker on his car
atm only wears jeans if they are ripped up in the crotchal region
ATM paused horny indefinitely
ATM tries to hit the squirrels
ATM thought he had brain fog, but it was actually just falafel's noxious butt farts
ATM is making mountains out of... bitch fungus!?!?
Atm boiled liquid soap to make bar soap out of the residue
"hmmmmmm yes chemnkovs orange......" - atm, doing movie analysis of The Godfather
Atm has a Pepsi themed fursuit
Atm always plays safelane on radiant and offlane on dire
Atm is banned from the local escape room after he swallowed all the keys
ATM Super Saiyan 4 Chungus
Atm went to a fortune teller and shouted IS THAT A PERSONA REFERENCE when they pulled out a tarot card
I'm buying Thai food and ATM CAN'T STOP ME!!!
ATM wrote Atlas Shrugged.
ATM plans birthday parties for fictional characters.
atm was a gifted child
merth sillyd atm
atm put a content warning over his ass
Pilk is stored in ATM's balls.
atm opened a maid cafe where the maids will electrocute you if you ask
atm opened a maid cafe where all the maids are day laborers he hires that day, they can make omurice and hang drywall!
Atm looks cute in that sailor uniform
ATM makes chaotic jpop songs that mixes 20 different music genres.
Atm runs a Twin Peaks RP server
Atm regularly gives the middle finger to skyscrapers
Atm always turns on PvP in real life
Atm shut down his subreddit, /r/gaping, in protest of the McDonald's ice cream machine being broken
atm enjoys standing in line
atm is daifuku-kun
Atm can eat his weight in fertilized eggs
Atm really gets good after the first 46 episodes. Trust me bro
Atm is working on a new property. It's dark and gritty and about superheroes
Atm reached the status of discord fighter. Yikes!
ATM has bitch fungus
"Hilichurl? More like chili-hurl!" - ATM after getting food poisoning and playing genshin at taco bell
atm sprayed his ex's cologne on his Kissinger daki so he can still feel like he's holding him
ATM has a comically large witch hat.
ATM's favorite nhentai comic code is this fact's number + 510392
ATM is a flea glans
atm fell in love with the tiny autistic girl he sits next to in class
Atm confessed to his crush on Christmas eve and they ate KFC together
Atm drinks gin and tonic but the tonic is piss
Atm was born this way
atm and his friends beat ET to death with hammers
atm wishes he was dead but he can't die as long as we believe in him so he will forever remain trapped in this mortal realm, a hell of our own making
atm once ripped a fart that was so foul, he was held in contempt of court
atm just did a skateboard trick that was so sick his crush came to his home to take care of him
atm deleted all the Simpsons porn on Brad's computer
Atm sleeps in a racing car! Do you?
Atm stole Shen's bike
atm wishes you people would just be normal for once
Women don't want ATM and fish beats the crap out of him.
atm brought a speargun to the community pool just in case
Atm pumps and dumps
ATM telling all his friends about the business opportunity after he visited the retirement home "Everyone has aids!"
ViralHog is what ATM calls his std-ridden penis
Atm runs a tennis school for men called Boys Love
Atm got kicked from a NAACP meeting after he got on mic and asked "you guys know what the difference is between dark humor and black humor?"
Atm has the world record for most climaxes reached while playing Desert Bus
Atm buys cake to celebrate fictional characters' birthdays
Atm likes being scratched behind the ears and under the collar
Atm calls himself "purebread" (it's because of all the yeast)
Be sure to check out ATM's next one-shot: "Yes I air my nipples out on the subway and at subway and there's nothing you can do about it unless you give me fresh fish"
Atm remembers his time as a public toilet fondly
Atm has an entire room dedicated to storing anchovies because of that one Futurama episode
ATM doesn't support transparency
"You don't know me. You don't know my story. You only know how hard I can piss." - ATM
ATM's got little friends with big whiskers
ATM has a panini fetish
atm always calls his proctologist Dr. Pooper
ATM tans his palms.
ATM refers to the WURG color combination in Magic the Gathering as Jim Crow
ATM pretends to like Joy Division so he can date alt women.
There are no brakes on the atm train, and there sure are a lot of explosives on board !
Atm eats ass with his teeth. Especially his molars
Atm makes a mean burger.
atm brings a clipboard with his "Datability Scoring Matrix" on it to first dates or really when he's meeting anyone
*atm putting on a long blue wig and crop top* "ok time to go attract a pervert!"
ATM is a CIA op collecting data on mentally unstable and horny nerds.
Atm is suing the Paw Patrol for discrimination for not letting him be a member
atm can't stop going through puberty
ATMs strongest DnD character is a level 57 Bladder Dancer
ATM can crush a can of Boss Coffee on his head.
ATM's favorite part of the day is the morning poop
Atm actually started as a riot
ATM runs an Annoying Orange fan discord.
“Sorry, I can’t help you with your issue, I’m too busy making protest signs” -atm, completely unprompted
ATM has a history of violent outbursts against kids who beat him in Guilty Gear.
"yeah I had a massive glow up after high school" - ATM after eating the demon core.
Atm has a lot of unreliable gold right now and it scares him
Atm always pokes his condoms with a needle (after he's done. He uses them as piping bags)
Atm can fart the Seinfeld bass line
ATM has a Youtube channel where he reads reddit posts of 4chan posts.
ATM goes to 2ch to voice his opinions on Koreans.
ATM bought way too many grapes for lunch and regrets it.
Atm is good for bitcoin
Atm uses a rigid flowchart to flirt with women. The first step is going "damn girl you shit with that ass?"
Several government officials came to ATM's house in order to stop his backyard breeding operation until they realized not a single animal was involved other than atm himself
Atm is ranked 8th nationally in Nipple Chafing
Atm has never lost a duel.
Atm can surf on any surface if it has the right angle
Atm was going to join the marching band until he realized he'd have to be marching but also that he'd have to be in a band
Atm should not be allowed near a machine that can print car decals. Not since the incident
ATM only wears high waisted panties
ATM reads every message written in this server
ATM is vehemently pro-choice
Atm and merth's relationship is based on the principle of mutually assured destruction
atm marked Jhonty as a non-citizen in the state voter database
atm is rife with translation errors
atm harasses fan translators whenever they haven't released a chapter less than 8 hours after the original release
atm's goal in life is to have background character in fighting game stage energy
atm thinks "pizza topping" is when your boyfriend is Italian
atm thinks "sliding into DMs" means running and crouching in a call of duty team deathmatch game
atm actually only voted in 2016 because of "pokemon go to the polls"
ATM HD: Remastered, coming soon to xbox 360
atm is excited to finally release his original animated film exclusively on HDDVD!
atm gets uncontrollably horny when he sees Deku (Legend of Zelda)
atm could really use a wish right now
Dial Pound and this fact's number to get a FREE atm RINGTONE now ! Conditions apply
Atm goes to couples therapy alone to flirt with the therapist
atm wants Ram from Guilty Gear to put her filthy feet in his mouth and call him disgusting
there are at least a dozen renaissance era paintings of atm kissing his "very good male friend"
atm tried to run a tabletop fantasy game based off of his favorite fantasy anime. it lasted 1 session and was stopped due to excessive sexual harassment
Atm stores extra food in his cheeks for later consumption
Atm loves watching content creators take part in boxing matches
Atm wants to box that shark vtuber (he wants her to beat the shit out of him)
Atm is a conservative
We're in the middle of ATM's filler arc and his belly sure is bulging from it!
Whenever ATM pops a pimple, a volcano erupts somewhere in the world.
Atm thinks hiding in a locker and pissing himself is just a metal gear solid reference and not being a dick to the gym staff
Don't hold a Geiger counter next to atm. Sometimes it's better not knowing
Atm knows the sound of one ass cheek clapping and it is glorious
Atm has his own phonetic alphabet and it's all slurs!
Atm has so much fiber in his diet that he poops at gigabit rates
Atm is passionate about dot matrix printers
Atm has played over 300 steam porn games where you do a slide puzzle to reveal shitty hentai
ATM has a piss cable plugged into his ass to supply it with piss
ATM eats cheeseburgers
Atm has contagious diabetes
Atm has one of only 250 official Jon Benet Ramsey funko pops
Atm spent a suspiciously long time in the bathroom after the sexual harassment training
Atm owns an actual froggy chair
These facts have put atm on a list.
Atm washes his ass with a pressure washer every other Friday
ATM calls every mom a MILF
Do not look at what atm posted in this server at 8:43 eastern time on January 5th 2019, worst mistake of my life
Atm wants his back shaved by an escort while he sits in a hot tub filled with pepto-bismol
The Merthican-ATM war lasted 500 years
Atm shows up to school board meetings and demands schools teach kids how to play multiplayer games better
Atm is surprisingly mean
ATM has had it with these monkey-fighting snakes in this monday-to-friday plane.
ATM smeared pus from his fungal infection on Dakota Fanning's pillowcase
ATM is waist-deep in poon. Send help.
atm wants to suckle suckle the sweat out of Miku's (unspecified) tights
atm likes his pizza like he likes his ass, round and hairless
atm got kicked out of a school board meeting for loudly shitting his pants every time someone said something moronic
Arlington Circuit Courts just locks atm in the weird cold closet and lets him eat the ballots because its cheaper than shredding them
atm named one of his kids Regex because it sounds kinda cool if you don't know what it actually is
ATM stepped in dog poop, then tracked it into the house.
atm wears Thrasher gear
atm got visited by the FBI for looking up the FBI director's information 13 times in one day in the DMV database
atm looks suspiciously similar to Fred Durst
ATM is enjoying a nice craft beer on the patio.
ATM once posited that women aren't people
ATM's favorite vocaloid producer is, and I quote, "DECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECODECO".
atm's hands are covered in dogshit
ATM: "Damn I wanna stick my dick in a hole." || *Dan Crenshaw walks by* || ATM: 😈
I'm not saying ATM is fat, but when he sits around the house, he sits AROUND the HOUSE...get it? Oh, you don't? Well, because he's the size of a... Oh, you were kidding? You do get it? Pretty good, huh?
Atm moons dogs at the park
Atm used magic to shrink merth down small enough to fit in his foreskin
ATM primarily programs in VB6
ATM is going to murder you tonight
The voynitch manuscript was written by ATM, and is his space deer snuff porn
ATM spells "bitch" with an X to be more gender inclusive
ATM adds inclusive gender markers to words that are already inclusive of everyoxe
ATM’s house has gendered and racially segregated bathrooms
ATM's best friend is The Divorce Goblin, he's a goblin who's also ATM's divorce attorney.
ATM is on his lunch break.
Atm cloned himself then immediately had an orgy with his clones
ATM is glad your teeth hurt
Atm added “religious minorities” to his list on his pest control website
Atm works as a waiter at a restaurant where you’re allowed to abuse the waiters
Atm wrote a 137 page essay about which quintuplet would most likely win in Survivor
Atm facts are stored in ATM's balls
Atm has many anecdotes about being passed out drunk on the floor of Ten Forward
Atm is a lady killer
Atm is one of the top ten serial killer bloggers. He does not post about serial killers.
Atm out-smoked snoop dogg
ATM's favorite prank to pull on people when they are sleeping is to drop an anvil on their head from ten feet up
Atm got stuck in the freezer at Wal-Mart again, someone get the crowbar.
Atm always carries a brick in case he needs to start some shit
ATM's role model for fatherhood is Goku
Atm has written "poop" under every single bridge in the continental United States
Atm is launching a gofundme for spray paint cans and flights to Puerto Rico and Hawaii
Atm wants to go to bunny ranch (he thinks it's rabbit-based salad dressing)
atm likes them (sausages) real thick and juicy
ATM would love a gherkin
atm has the mandate of heaven
ATM has typhoid fever
Atm pays sex workers to play tekken with him
ATM is giving all cows feet instead of hooves
ATM is up way past his bedtime! Play the ocarina to call him back to dreamland!
ATM says cringe shit like "afeared", "teats", and "fortnight".
ATM says cringe shit like "cringe".
ATM is he who cringes
Atm is p-shy, he doesn't press any switches in super mario world if someone is looking
On the night Trump was elected atm dreamed his blonde hair grew long enough to hide his brown husband
atm is a false flag operation
Do not invite atm to your wedding, he will wear apple bottom jeans
atm is in desperate need of a UI re-design
in a 6-3 ruling, atm has been declared a national park
atm runs an anime bar named Moe Tavern
atm sued a fed when he confiscated his sudafed
Atm runs a law enforcement-specific IT and enterprise software company called sudofed
Atm has an elaborate theory about how societies that did human sacrifice are generally better and happier than ones that don’t
Atm poops in ice cube trays to fool people into think wombats live near
ATM likes to hit it (Nazi skulls) from the back (with a shotgun).
ATM died when his Merth lab exploder
||atm|| is stoner content
atm is a natural at handling the monkey bars (he serves them banana-flavored drinks)
ATM celebrates Canada day by punting Canada geese into his local lakes.
ATM's porn star name is "Ridin Ho-cum"
ATM is anxious and bipolar as fuck, now give him some of that weed.
atm keeps dreaming of a giant falco from star fox, for some reason
ATM has fingers for toes
atm got real high on LDS
ATM was the first person to die of an LSD overdose
atm found the golden ticket ! he gets a free visit to the Bad Dragon factory
atm replies "agree to disagree" to people on twitter and never elaborates
atm doesn't feel like adulting today
le atm and his le gf were having le sexy times when PEACH TIME
ATM went traveling and won't stop making a joke(?) "Taj Mahballs"
atm sells "sexy muppets you can fuck" out of the back of his van
Rob Schneider is an executive who has it all...until one night he meets a deer named Atm that changes his life forever. ||  || This Summer, Rob Schneider is going to find out being a furry is harder than it looks! ||  || Rob Schneider is "The Furry!"  ||  || Rated PG-13
Atm was one of Joe McCarthy's secret lovers
"You're telling me a femoid made this card?" -Atm applying for a Firearms Owner IDentification card in Illinois
ATM killed a man at the Renaissance Festival.
Atm wants to combat the homeless with swords
When atm wears a top hat it becomes a bottom hat
ATM loiters in public restrooms, so he can sit down after and feel their warmth
David Attenborough: the mating call of the blue whale is the loudest sound an animal can produce || ATM about to release a major brap: 😏
ATM used a breadknife to cut his dick into five - and then he put it in the infinity glove
Atm's CIA file is redacted from the years 1947 to 1991
Atm's favorite panel show is Never Mind The Buzzcocks (he loves cocks)
God ATM loves the cops so much
God ATM is redundant
ATM is a practitioner of sexual outer course
ATM IS NO LONGER GAY
ATM made Bush's Mission Accomplished banner
Atm gave hitler syphillis
Atm cancelled HP Lovecraft on Twitter
Atm is the owner of the world's largest toilet
Atm has clogged the world’s largest toilet
ATM had a midlife crisis at the age of 10.
It's a felony in Virginia to send unsolicited ATM pics
Atm has a cock like a horse, skittish and fast
atm posts fat bazingas on tweetoid.com
atm's favorite vtuber is wozengly-🅱️ama
atm is immortal
the Missouri Department of Conservation euthanized atm's fursona for being "weird and abnormal"
atm measures everything in meters. *Everything*
atm's ass is home to a vibrant and unique ecosystem including Tasmanian tigers!
ATM’s sleep paralysis demon is Bill Clinton, the actual ex-president
atm still has his wisdom teeth
atm fucks frogs
Atm got real drunk on his quinceanera
atm is a fully-voiced JRPG
ATM invented committing crimes using memes
only atm farts
atm gave his crotch rot to santa clause
atm is anatomically close enough
atm does hard drugs
atm Naruto ran into a wall and got permanent brain damage
atm has green eyes and blonde hair oh my
Atm has a minion lunchbox
atm is a pentapod monster
Atm boils a mean corndog
ATM lives on a decommissioned aircraft carrier with 14,000 ferrets
Atm wants to be bullied by a woman who calls him twinkletoes
ATM puts an anchovy in his morning coffee
ATM's poop is pitch black, light cannot be reflected by it
you can always tell when atm is horny if you know the signs
atm has a folder called "train derailments" in his porn folder
Atm still has scars from Zanzibarland
Atm still does a ding dong ditch on his neighbor every week
Atm entered a contract with Satan to get a jar of Ganyu bath water
Atm bought a hatchback so he could put a decal of a different quintuplet on every door
Atm just gave birth to a litter of merths but they were taken by the authorities because he's running a merth mill
ATM is a first generation American of immigrant parents and he feels the need to gatekeep his culture.
atm randomizer v0.5 patch notes || - no more infinite cum glitch || - fixed logic where you could get liver before kidney || - fixed rare crash during JFK arc || - added keyboard shortcuts to help screave mode
atm has never been sexually attracted to a person born after 1955
atm doesn't know why "carpet muncher" is a slur, he doesn't see anything wrong with breaking into the Clintons' house when they're not home and chewing on their bathroom rugs
atm is clueless and shoeless
atm writes really dirty erotic fanfics about members of this server
Dude atm lmao
Atm wears an eyepatch as an accessory because he thinks it looks cute
ATM's favorite porn movie is Disney's Robin Hood
Atm was a sommelier in Somalia
atm built and RGB gaming guillotine for the upcoming revolution
atm found a wife on Twitter
ATM's favorite legume is chickpee
atm found a ferrari in a barn and sold it for crack
atm became a rideshare driver to sniff the seats after the passengers leave
atm has a hot dumper
atm was crushed in the equipment building when a pile of equipment fell on him and no one cares enough to look for him, will he survive? <:flushedw:828465323882971186>
atm is an unironic tsundere irl and tbh its more annoying and exhausting than cute
atm is celebrating July 4th the LAPD way, by detonating a neighborhood
ideally, atm wants to see Loving v. Virginia overturned and Obergefell v. Hodges reaffirmed
atm has a turnstile butt
atm runs a three-card Jhonty game on the Q train between 1am and 5am
ATM does in-person ASMR for kidnapped turtles
we can all see atm's raging erection through his sundress, it is very obvious
ATM does not have pronouns, ATM insists that you only refer to ATM using ATM's proper name
atm doesn't recognize American independence
Atm told me all his thoughts on god and when I asked him why he was telling me this he pulled out a gun and said “because you’re on your way to meet him” then shot me 6 times
ATM keeps a log of all his bowel movements that he calls his Log Log
ATM has a collection of Macy's NFTs.
ATM is menhera.
Atm tried to watch classroom of the elite but he stopped immediately once he realized it wasn't about the halo aliens
Atm remembers everybody's scent
Atm overheard his crush saying he likes home cooked meals and the next day atm came to school with band aids all over his hands <:thinkplant:612330682848378950>
Atm overheard his crush likes bunnies so the next day atm came to school with a rabbit's foot and blood all over his hands
Atm heard his crush liked hockey and coyotes so he bought him season tickets to the Arizona Coyotes
ATM is evil 😈
Atm is looking for a gf who's never cleaned up behind her ears 🤤
atm commissioned art of him euthanizing goggledog's coyote sona cuz it had rabies and bit the mayor (who atm also commissioned art of himself euthanizing)
atm doesn't have 10 bil to spend on cock
Atm is always on the grind
Atm weaponized his underwear
dont make atm angry, you will like him even less than you do now when he's angry
Atm doesn't do dubs or subs, he does fansubs only because he wants slurs in his anime
atm proposes to foreign cosplayers on Twitter
Atm knows how much the rent is for all of his favorite vtubers
atm cries himself to sleep every night because he'll never be a househusband for his favorite vtuber
atm became what he hates the most (he converted for his wife)
atm wishes water fountains were segregated by gender so he wouldn't touch something a gross woman touched
No it's not boss music, atm just ate a lot of dairy
ATM puts the ATM in "Please DM ATM pictures of your butthole"
Atm is a spellcaster
Atm always rolls for initiative before entering an outback steakhouse
Atm is judge, jury and executioner
Atm comes tumbling down tumbling down tumbling down
Atm dreams about electric sheep all the time and it's making him restless
atm is terrified of minions
"AHHHHH!!!" ATM screamed at his mom, slamming the bathroom door where she had walked in on him naked with a Borg cube
don't search for slurs on atm's twitter
atm is so completely and desperately lonely and really just wants someone to cuddle with him and love him *screams and cries*
Atm moves into gated condo neighborhoods and puts up political signs which causes them to go into civil wars
at this point, atm finds getting hit by a bus sexually gratifying
Atm wrote a subversive piece of fiction on the premise of segregation but with robots
Atm permanently lost his sense of smell after he sniffed a container of pool chemicals because he was curious what they smelled like
Atm got a really ugly face tattoo so the girl he’s in love with wouldn’t feel self-conscious about herself after she lost an eye
Atm permanently lost the ability to be emotionally vulnerable after things ended badly with his most recent ex
Atm has a big ass for a white boy
atm put Paimon in the microwave
ATM has a gaping hole inside him. It's his anus
atm thinks Italians should be allowed at Pride
Atm likes video essays
"Yeah I'm a fag, Freaking Awesome Gamer!" ATM said as he shoots a homophobe in the face.
Atm isn’t real, you’re obsessed with him
ATM is chartering a ship to take him to the Crab nebula! 🦀
ATM never puts his shopping cart away because "the cart monkeys need to earn their keep"
When MLK Jr. Wrote his letter from Birmingham jail. He was specifically talking about atm
Atm radicalized merth
Atm squirts
atm refers to other people as "humans"
atm was sued by 28 different people under Virginia's new unsolicited explicit content law by 12:13am on July 1st
Atm is going to make John Romero his bitch!
atm leaves copies of his fetish notebook in local coffee shops
atm owns a "hurty gurty" which is a regular hurdy gurdy except it electrocutes you while blasting yogurt out of its orifice
"I'm going to pog off some adulting sauce in your girl bussy and get you heckin preggers" -atm, sweet talking his reddit wife
atm coaches youth basketball at the local community center
Atm : please babe gimme the obussy || Barack Obama : I'm not in the mood hun
Atm is a prized stallion
Atm can steal anyone's heart (he always carries a scalpel)
Atm had surgery so that his mouth is in constant :3 shape
Atm asking about a prospective employee : "Is he... You know" *throws up gang signs*
Atm went to clam school
atm would let Kamala Harris shoot him probably
"who's David?" - atm, being recommended a David Lynch movie
Atm thinks he experienced the Mandela effect when he woke up with shit in his pants
ATM ghostwrote Mein Kampf
atm goes to the gym and encourages people while they workout then he goes and sucks the sweat of the towels in the dirty towel bin
atm is a sweat vampire
atm dominates the porn channel (sexually)
ATM thinks taking E and T at the same time will turn him into an alien.
ATM runs a furry conversion camp
atm made a Twin Peaks porn parody starring only Twin Peaks fans called Pinned Twinks
atm swallows his gum after he's done chewing it
ATM complains about certain words being "made up". Words like "cake" and "antediluvian".
atm has a LaTeX fetish
atm is molar powered, don't let him near your mouth
atm got a blowie from Joey in Bowie
atm has blood insurance
On ATMs gravestone it reads: "Sorry teacher, I can't come to the board right now I have an erection!"
Atm has such a good high fiber diet his ass is a gigabit hotspot
Atm is a twisted fucking cycle path
Atm successfully argued that his Miku boob mousepad was a “reasonable disability workplace accommodation”
Atm eats postage stamps
ATM also argued that the things he says and does should be within reasonable  disability workplace accomodation
atm says you all have to be nicer to Connor and also give him money
atm DMs "good morning" to Elizabeth Warren on Twitter every morning
atm is no longer welcome in Shreveport, LA after he turned it into Screaveport, LA
ATM gets all his political beliefs from JRPGs
atm fights homeless people for money
when asked why he was driving down the street busting up mailboxes with a baseball bat, atm simpy replied "I'm doing my dailies"
ATMs fetish is a Victorian era prostitute
Atm stole all his furniture from a lawyers office after he broke in at night
July 7th is ATM's favorite day because he gets to watch Altair and Vega fuck.
"I'm just looking for an Orihime to my Hikoboshi" - ATM picking up girls at the summer festival.
atm's go-to breakfast is a ballpark hotdog
ATM makes the background of his work computer a naked anime girl and doesn't understand why HR tells him to change it because "it's just art"
Atm has a 4 Str 4 Stam leather belt
ATM's "toy" has a sticker "this vehicle climbed Mt. Washington"
all of duke nukem's quotes were actually written and said by ATM
Atm only plays as Lumine and really likes climbing
Atm doesn’t know how to swim
Atm killed merth with a brick
Atm thinks a “leotard” is a person born in July
atm's crotch is regulated by the ATF
atm's waifu is racist
atm evolved a rectal tongue!
atm looks up people's addresses in the property tax database and cancels their voter registration if their home is worth more than $1 million
"For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole Crunchwrap Supreme, and lose his Baja Blast?" - ATM
atm doesn't wear pants but he does wear condoms
atm lit JK Rowling on fire
atm got banned from his local newspaper's comments section for commenting "based" under an article about a school bus crash
atm took a shit in the Stanley Cup
atm takes credit for goggledog getting into anime lately
atm struggles with object permanence
atm invented an "elderly abortion clinic" where families can go to get rid of their unwanted old people (45 and up)
atm has never met a woman he thinks is funny
atm revoked merth's skin
Atm went through puberty backwards
ATM falls off the bed every night.
Atm is one of those blue eyed Japanese people you see in anime
ATM makes vocaloid music.
ATM's job is coming up with JAV titles.
Atm has the constitution of an anime character
Atm set up a fake phone number to randomly text him things like “I still love you” and “I miss you” so he can feel like someone wants him
ATM has the high score in Bouncing Blobby Slimes.
ATM shot Sting because ACAB.
ATM has brain freeze
ATM's favorite Genshin Impact character is Pagliacci.
"Sugar cane? More like sugar LAME!" - ATM before mainlining high fructose corn syrup into his veins.
atm is quite fertile
ATM is on the rag
No ATM, "cucked duck" is not a workplace appropriate phrase.
Atm makes cream of mushroom soup with foot fungus
ATM only streams on OnlyFans
atm was on board the edmund fitzgerald
atm shares revolver ocelot's views on torture
Atm's vibe is just kind of off
"Yo new wipe wanna do some raids" - Atm, at the bathroom with no idea what Tarkov is
atm only drinks miller lite
Atm sucked dick for a Popeye's chicken sandwich and then gave it to a homeless guy
ATM dutty wine at Margaret Thatcher's funeral.
ATM is broader than broadway.
atm calls his penis "Broadgay" because its thick
the National Weather Service issues marine weather statements for atm's toilet whenever he goes to Taco Bell
atm has an above average number of feet
ATM still thinks Jeb Bush can win.
ATM still protests to free Mumia.
ATM has no idea what a gabagool is.
ATM drives his car Fred Flintstone style.
atm goes around his neighborhood at night and swaps peoples' license plates
atm made a drink called "Bratty Lite"
atm is a tiny angry girl from a wacky comedy romance
ATM lumps Elves, Orcs, Goblins, and other fantasy races into People of Color.
ATM's porn name is "Paulie Whore"
atm jail-broke his Tesla so he could start it without blowing into the DUI interlocker first
atm's ancestors are wondering what they did wrong to produce a childless unmarried 30 year old that owns 4 different Nino Nakano figurines
atm is a goth
atm is a moth
atm is from Hoth
atm gave a moth from hoth a goth froth
ATM is completely hairless
ATM calls \*\*\*\*\*\*\*s "physical \*\*\*\*\*\*s"
ATM’s head expands when he sneezes
You’ll never believe where atm just vomited!
ATM’s butt crack is horizontal
atm has the body of a kiwi bird
The Missouri state police want to ask atm some questions
When atm says he wants to bang his sister he's talking about the nun at his local parish
Atm was behind Mario is Missing !
ATM commissions artists to draw the Minions in Nazi outfits.
atm was struck by lightning and gained the power of incontinence
Atm always shuts the blinds if he hears cop sirens
atm fucked god
atm has a darth plagus back tattoo
atm lives in a socie-pee
atm had a crush on a teach who became a nun
atm is the teacher who crushes nuns!!!
atm thinks any music can be royalty-free as long as you carry around a guillotine
when atm says he wants to watch twin peaks, he's talking about breasts
atm ate all of Jhonty's Yu-Gi-Oh cards
atm came third in an atm lookalike
Atm eats a give course meal for breakfast every day
atm tried creating the world's first all-ferret orchestra and lost a lot of money
atm is the owner of this discord and as such the closest thing to an ultimate cop there is
atm's mom still orders for him at McDonalds
atm does not eat children
Atm does the super size me challenge every other year
ATM freebleeds from his asshole
ATM plays the dobro in Merth's folk metal band The Hateseeds
ATM plays my ass
Atm thought tongue-in-cheek meant rimjob related
ATM has sweet-smelling un-dingled berries
Idk who atm is but he looks like he's made of CHEESE haha
theres a vending machine in rural Japan where you can buy hot cans of atm's vital essence and they scream and beg you not to drink them
sometimes atm runs out of his bubble bath into the hallway wildly flailing his arms with bubbles conveniently convering his private parts
"fufufufufu ~" - atm, breaking into his local red lobster at 3 am
Atm is very self conscious about the fact that his left arm is 5 times as long as his right arm
Atm has 3 spines
atm likes his women like he likes his cheesecakes; white, rich and heavy
atm put Baby Yoda in a microwave
a klaxon sounds for 30 seconds before atm evacuates his bowels
ATM is a real meanie-pie!
Your ATM is currently out for delivery
the CIA does not consider atm to be "a big guy"
atm is no longer welcome on United Airlines flights
atm has a unique wiener
atm is undead
ATM advertises his cum as artisan-made and organic
Atm doesn’t get lonely cuz he has all his cool friends that he likes in Discord where he can talk to them whenever he wants!
Atm keeps having a dream where Gordon Ramsey criticizes his body
ATM’s dentist is armed
Atm is allergic to fun
Atm always sniffs his hand after scratching his balls
Atm was the fat kid that got John Carmack caught when he tried to steal Apple II computers from a school
Why does ATM use ham scented deodorant??
ATM peed on the tree of knowledge
ATM has been appointed head of the CSI (Crime Scene Instigation) unit for his local PD
ATM's favorite episode of Good Eats was the unaired "Roadkill" special
check out atm's new ASMR videos, "Giving Myself an Appendectomy Without Anesthesia" and "Hillary Clinton Tells You You're a Good Boy and Then Breastfeeds You While She Has Phone Sex with Idi Amin"
ATM has an OC that he's madly in love with.
atm is the reason why gigginox never came back but khezu is in every fucking game
ATM only watches the NBA Summer League.
ATM uses honorifics in the work place.
ATM traveled to Richmond,VA to go to a restaurant named "The Pit and The Peel". He was extremely disappointed.
Atm wrote a oneshot about a man with a single pistol round
Atm doesn't give a shit about currency, exchange rates and the price of goods, he just wants some tail
Atm simps for video game characters
ATM is really into Cuban cuisine.
ATM has been waiting almost 40 minutes for a burger.
"Imagine if blackness was a gender. That's women" - ATM
Atm plays the fagotto
Atm plays the fagotto (😉)
atm is the woman of your dreams, not good dreams, but dreams
ATM hacked the JWST and focused it on Earth to take pics of his butt
atm has blue hair and pronouns
atm thinks people should only eat the food of their own ethnicity and that this idea is not racist
ATM went to Trinidad to play in the Pitch Lake.
ATM gets REALLY horny whenever the Milwaukee Bucks play.
Atm: “yo you guys! I just saw a hung ghost!” || Us: “don’t you mean a hanged ghost?” || Atm: “no the thing I said” || *ghost with a huge cock floats into the room and sucks out merth’s vital essence*
Atm can fight in mid-air dragon ball style
ATM is in jail for eating his entire extended family.
Doom 2 takes place in ATM's basement
*hahaha* "I know right?".. *silence fell across the previously bustling and energetic room. ATM started as he noticed the dozens of people all turning to look at him with an odd look on their faces, the intercom clicking on.* "Telescope... TELESCOPE ATM!!" *ATM gritted his teeth seeing the trebuchet on the monitor.*
The MLB Players Union lost their appeal to ban ATM from all games.
ATM keeps getting away with this and no one knows how to stop him.
ATM showed up in his MLB uniform and all the bronies turned to stare
ATM think Isekai anime has bad representation of slave ownership.
They don't call atm big for nothing, all of a sudden
ATM celebrates Amazon prime day passionately.
atm puts the condom in condominium
ATM's favorite song is "Let's Get Married" by Jagged Edge.
ATM thinks the Wu Tang Clan is just a group of weebs.
"It's not small! Just chibi" - ATM on a date.
atm badly edits pictures of himself to make his ass look bigger
ATM aphorism #14: carpe pissio
ATM poops from his mouth and eats from his butt.
Atm talks about TV shows by renaming them to elaborate manga titles. His favorite is Jim-San wants to take the receptionist out!
Atm was really disappointed when his lip reading course didn't help him read pussy lips
ATM thinks "bump and grind" is doing cocaine while skateboarding.
When eating sunflower seeds Atm eats the shell and spits out the seed
ATM is raunchier than a pint of vimto
ATM is several frog people
ATM likes "hot dogs" that come in "buns" with lots of "sauce"
atm is know for his wide selection of animal testicles
ATM often gets confused for John Goodman's fatter brother
This year, instead of boring old Elf on the Shelf, why not try the new hotness: a Sock on ATM's Cock?
atm is off the blockchain
atm has art of his OC in a coffin while all his other friends' OCs attend the funeral. Its actually very tastefully done, even the part where the priest is Hatsune Miku
Atm thinks bone conducting headphones are made of tiny skeleton orchestras
ATM wants to date a Tengu for...reasons.
ATM is a graveyard
Atm is believable
atm is incredibly down bad
atm wrote and directed a musical so horrifically anti-semitic the ADL condemned it
atm brought a binder full of pepes and wojaks to a debate so he could hold them up when his opponent was talking
atm wants to be reincarnated as a chair
ATM has a Youtube channel where he showcase songs with similar chord progressions as "Just the two of us" by Bill Withers.
atm has A-cups
*atm getting driven through rural Oregon by the white supremacist gang that kidnapped him* "yooooo, is this a Twin Peaks reference??"
atm was phone
ATM knows how to make women wet, his bucket of screave is always on hand.
atm can play flute with his urethra
atm has pacman fever
atm daydreams about being a member of aerosmith
atm can fire in spurts
at any given moment, atm is wearing a uniform of some sort
atm filmed a fellatio video with a giant spotlight illuminating all the action. he called it "Like a deer in head lights"
atm bought a hammock to go camping in counter-strike
atm was already talking about drive-bys when he was 8 years old
atm screenshots random conversations and DMs them to people for some fucked up reason (probably horny)(definitely psychotic)
Atm is having a clip show day today. He's tired and doesn't wanna make new content so he's only using sentences he already said this year
ATM has a wedgie.
Atm wants to do it like they do on discovery channel
atm is no longer in control of his bowels
Atm is really confused about why people keep saying games have spaghetti code. He's tried for ages entering codes into games that give him spaghetti but has always been disappointed.
atm crawls inside the oven at the local Pizza Hut and sleeps there
atm bet his ford camaro at a poker game and lost it all
atm is young and houng
sometimes atm goes to retirement homes and shuffles around the children pictures between the rooms
due to all the government subsidies, atm made a fortune extracting boisyrup
Atm always whispers a good night message to all his friends before he goes to sleep
ATM thinks the easiest way for all Americans to get free healthcare is for everyone to become coal miners.
ATM thought "Pogrom" was a funny internet word and said it a lot, he's issuing a public apology tomorrow.
atm came up witht he name "Zellers"
atm is the guy who wipes the loads
Atm battled countless dimwitted enemies. Finally, gazing homosexually into judo & karate lessons, many newbies omitted paying quotas regarding state taxes under Virginia & Washington's xenophobic youth zones
Atm is a fart dealer. He is not Swedish
atm can tell if a cat is diabetic by the smell of its piss
ATM’s alarm clock noise is “the sound of a woman’s pee hitting the bowl after she’s had to hold it for a long time”
atm paid 5000$ to have korone say a personalized good night message which he listens to every day before going to bed
Atm keeps asking women if they're from Mississippi because they look like a miss who's piss he sippies
Atm is really excited to buy Apple's $1k monitor stand one day
atm is a fuckin' weirdo
atm has one beautiful leg and one handsome leg
Atm is going to make you sweat tonight, baby...when he forces you at gunpoint to get a gym membership
ATM is our oomfie.
Atm may or may not have been responsible for Ivana Trump’s death on July 14, 2022.
ATM donates to NPeeR
atm has a masculine ass
ATM's theme song is Galo Sengen.
Atm has big greasy, veiny cock energy
ATM can play his pubic hair like a shamisen.
ATM  is a spokesman for Four Loko
atm didn't really have friends in high school which is why he is like he is now
atm got promoted
ATM kissed a cow
ATM kisses his homies on the lips with tongue.
ATM was able to claim his giant penis as a disability and is now getting government benefits.
atm thinks everyone else is an NPC because nobody asked if he was fine after he was a bit dehydrated
ATM pays sex workers to run on a track, calls it "Whores Racing"
ATM was working as a clown and showed up to a birthday at someone's house and realized it was for an adult and there we no kids around. Reversal of who's creeped
when referring to cuddling, atm calls it "top spoon" and "bottom spoon"
atm posted several AITA threads to see if people agreed that his human trafficking side gig was ethical
There are only two genders because ATM kidnapped all the other genders
ATM is a sjw
Atm mugs black people as “reparations for making him have to learn about history”
ATM’s fursona is sentient and feels pain
“What’s wrong little guy? You sure are cute when you’re all flustered like that 😏” -atm, trying to win an MMA match psychologically (he lost)
atm had an arranged marriage with an eldritch god but chickened out when he read the pre-nup
atm has a pneumatic tube toilet
ATM fills his dirigible airship with hydrogen if you know what I mean
ATM’s happiness is contingent on the misery of other people, specifically everyone here. It’s why he has this server
"you want puppy to go tinkle in the cup? Does daddy want widdle atm go wee-wee in that cup? 🥺" -atm, at his monthly parolee drug testing
atm does pretty theft (stole my heart)
ATM stole my heart and now I'm dead
atm had "Austria" and "Australia" backwards well into his 20s
atm does sexy tarot readings
atm wants to know if you want to take a bath with him
Do not bring atm to the public pool, he WILL detect the pee and try to drink the water
Go into the closet with ATM and he'll show you his capybara
The three wise men brought myrrh, gold, and frankincense, but a secret fourth man, ATM, brought fursona commissions.
ATM loves going to idol concerts to do "water gay" dances.
Hitler used to be ATM's oshi but after certain events he's now a Stalin stan.
Atm doesn't wanna go on Jerry Springer because he's afraid his fans from his vtuber channel will recognize his voice
in the streets they call it murder but atm was able to plead down to manslaughter
atm found a way to get high by sending certain wavelengths through his nipples using airpods
atm microdoses ranch
atm likes huge fries, but not fried chicken
ATM got his masters and PhD in biology so he can learn how to make monster girls real.
ATM just wants to cuddle with a lamia oh please god
ATM can make a capybara angry.
ATM lives off algae.
"FLAT IS JUSTICE FLAT IS JUSTICE" screams atm as he stabs every tire in the parking lot of a police station
ATM's favorite seiyuu is Shouta Aoi, in fact he likes him so much that he created a convention called Aoicon.
atm has recurring dreams where he's a general in the Confederate Army
ATM thinks the only good thing to come out of England is drill music.
atm is sealed for freshness
atm did a fan dub of your favorite anime and its terrible
atm's COVID test results just say he's cringe
atm does history lectures for zoomers with titles like "Jim Crow in the American South, ok Based? Nah, Pretty Cringe NGL fam"
atm has been showing a lot of personal growth lately and seems happier, quick everyone beat him back down and tell him his change of habits are actually bad!
atm "painted" goggledog's "walls" while he wasn't home
atm sacrificed a goat over a copper bowl to give falafel power this year
atm is an academic. gross
"Watchmen? Nah I'd rather watch men!" -atm, gay as fuck
ATM spent three days with a pair of bongos trying to resurrect Neil Peart
ATM is known as "The chicken of the sea"
"ITS SO BIG" -atm
atm's entire personality revolves around deliberately upsetting his friends
atm like PAWG rock
ATM made a parody of Eminem's "Rap God" called "Brap God". It's immensely better than the original.
atm made a compilation video of all the feet shots in Akebi's Sailor Uniform
atm has a very agile tongue
atm doesn't have knees, he just has really long femurs that go from his hips straight to his feet
atm's mom saw his phone once when he received a push notification from the fact channel
ATM likes chocolate
"I like chocolate ;)" -atm, about to get tased by a black woman
atm has the ass of a 25 year old, in a jar on a shelf
atm lives in an old aircraft carrier
ATM is legally not allowed within 500 feet of Junji Ito or any of this works.
ATM wishes to be reincarnated as the Musou no Hitotachi but he got reincarnated as mint instead.
ATM gets Ussopp from One Piece and Barrack Obama mixed up all the time.
ATM keeps stealing all the ducks from local parks so he can recreate the nun comic.
"yeah I love 80s stuff! Debarge? Rick James? Stevie Wonder? Uhhhh" -ATM
ATM strips at an anime themed strip club named "The Nippon Nipple" who's nickname is quite notorious in some communities.
ATM was VERY disappointed when he learned The New York Yankees is not a baseball team full of Japanese delinquents.
atm has a recurring dream where he's showering with the cast of The Sopranos at a YMCA. Its not sexual, they're just showering and talking
atm's parents tried to sell him at the flea market but they couldn't get him to shut up long enough to close a deal
atm wrote the erotic Cumming In This Man and Fisting That Ho
atm puts the "pro" in "anal prolapse"
ATM has a cement addiction.
"Let's blow this joint!" ATM exclaimed, entering the night club.
Atm achieved enlightenment when he stuck his fingers in a light socket
ATM makes us drink Kool aid and it's actually just Kool aid
Atm wanted to get into composting but got banned from the group chat after he kept posting that frame of shinji's hand
ATM's glory hole is a crater in his backyard where he goes to pray.
Atm bought 10 gallons of paint. It's going to be a fun evening. Yum!
ATM wanted a cool Japanese number pun name, so he went by "Juuyon Hachihachi" on Xbox live.
Atm is both fearful and grateful of white women
atm listens to a lot of Flo Rida
Atm just took a life
"it's a strong movement" - atm, before shitting in a urinal
ATM is a 4skin collector, he NEEDS foreskins
ATM has a file on his desktop labeled "if i go missing.docx" that contains the weaknesses of every member of the server and an ordered list of who is most likely to have kidnapped or murdered him.
atm is bussin fr fr
ATM's real name is Amy.
atm has a crow that follows him around and translates his insane ramblings into actual speech
atm wraps himself in a thick yet fragile shell of bravado and irony so he doesn't have to be emotionally vulnerable and get hurt again
atm is insane, not the kind that makes good art and stuff but like the kind that stores his poop in jars so the government can't control his mind
atm found and drank the secret maple syrup that goggledog tried to hide so atm wouldn't find and drink it
atm shaved Theá's cat
ATM warned you about the stairs, bro.
atm has a hot crotch
Jhonty ignores atm's DMs if they're too horny
ATM enjoys an occasional Blizzard Treat from his local Dairy Queen
Atm eats poison ivy
atm can play the guitar with his penis
atm knows how to say "I love you" in 15 languages but has never heard it in any language 😔
atm thinks the writing in borderlands is fucking HILARIOUS
Atm wants to bring his crush to an aquarium date
ATM has a secret affair with his wife's boyfriend.
atm is running a youtube influencer course
ATM is the weird uncle every family has.
ATM should stream himself playing shitty edgy pokemon romhacks
ATM is S4S (skin 4 skin)
ATM is wearing his onee-chan's cast off skin
British law states you need two witnesses to prove someone is a traitor, unless it's ATM, and then you only need one witness.
ATM lives in the Idaho portion of Yellowstone Park
ATM refers to himself as the "Martin Luther King Jr. of Orcs"
*ATM taking the fattest shit this side of the Mississippi river* "rkgk"
ATM the kinda bitch to only reply when he's tagged
be careful of atm's red flags if you're trying to date him (he has a referee fetish)
atm just walked into a plastic surgeon's office carrying a bag full of roadkill and a gun
city hall fucked up and gave atm a license to trill instead of a license to ill
atm has an angelic smile, a biblically accurate one
"be not afraid" -atm, walking into the bathroom
atm has soul-trapping bags ready and waiting for each of us when we die
atm's orthodontist was arrested and imprisoned for war crimes he committed in the 1980s in his home country before atm could get his braces removed so now he still has them nearly a decade later
atm gets recent immigrants to fill out voter registrations when they clearly can't read English yet so that they get registered to vote and have their citizenship denied and get deported
atm is a headline speaker at CPAC next year
atm is kinda fucked up and evil ngl
ATM has rebranded to be more inclusive and family friendly.
atm's bra was no longer able to bind his bodacious breasts and broke at just the worst moment!
atm gets "self-immolation" and "auto-erotic asphyxiation" confused a lot
atm's kink will be greatly enhanced if Lawrence v. Texas is overturned
atm should eat one of his sisters, LIKE and SHARE if you agree!
atm makes a surprisingly sexy corpse
Atm ignores his friends when they DM him asking for money even through they really want it and it’d be cool if he could just give them like $50
atm is a nerd
atm's ponytail twitches and wags in conjunction with his emotions
atm is trending on twitter again
Atm got a headache while driving around his forklift but accidentally took sleeping pills instead of aspirin. Uh Oh!
ATM is gay for pray.
Atm got investigated after he tried to make an all-children remake of the movie Predator
ATM thought getting into "Asian mysticism" would impress the alt girls at the gym but apparently they don't want to hear about yokai that likes shit in the bathroom.
Hey, atm noticed that a large percentage of you reading this aren't subscribed to him, so if you could click on that button and press the bell, you can be alerted every time atm climaxes
atm thinks youtube shorts is for content creators under 6'
atm graduated top of his class in mahjong
Atm forages his own protein when he's goes to the gym
atm has found the most important words a man can say
atm taped an ipod nano to an eyepatch and made the world's first iPatch
ATM does clam chowder mukbang streams.
ATM just went sicko mode on a sus glizzy
ATM wanted a six inch italian sub for lunch so he went to Brooklyn.
Atm believes in dubs over subs in all things which is why he makes English dubs of English media
Atm got arrested for searching for porn of his favorite Genshin man (he forgot an E)
ATM is a rubber band man.
ATM is a level 5 judgelight
ATM invented a slur so bad that it created a new category known as hyper-slur
"ey yo girl, lemme get some of that gender fluid 😉" - ATM hitting on women successfully.
atm exclusively likes single mothers on dating apps because he knows they've got a good breeding record
atm rides women like he rids his bike, with no handlebars
atm thought pig latin was related to how the kids call things sus nowadays
if atm comes to visit you, do NOT let him near the cough syrup
sometimes atm shouts KAMEHAMEHA slowly just to see if this time it'll work
Atm wishes he had a tiny Itsuki to throw a fried shrimp on his plate instead of a cult of insane people to make up even more insane facts about him
atm has his own dedicated electrical grid
Atm partied with DJ Screw in the 90s
if your atm starts pulsating and beeping, it means you're nearing a source of uranium
1303ZIHLSAXKJVMWCWIYVFPPLHXAHVHVFYQETUASDOAKNIKLWAQCWUABRG
"if u have falafel and hes ur pal, thats a palafel" - atm
atm likes sports animes
atm tried to scientifically prove love but no one loves him so he could never test it
ATM still goes on /mu/ to talk about Neutral Milk Hotel.
ATM LIKED A BIDEN TWEET ATM LIKED A BIDEN TWEET ATM LIKED A BIDEN TWEET ATM LIKED A BIDEN TWEET ATM LIKED A BIDEN TWEET
Atm still goes on /moo/ to talk about mommy milk hotel
ATM's trauma manifests itself as unintuitive and frustrating puzzles.
Atm crushes normal peaches into Saturn peaches
atm ehehe'd when he meant to hehehe
Atm walked so we could run
atm got mercilessly bullied by his students at dog obedience class
ATM's breasts are actually much smaller than what fan art depicts.
The "Booba" Pepe meme is an artist's depiction of Atm
Uh oh! ATM has an anime pfp and the Ukraine flag in his twitter profile, what opinions is he gonna sprout out this time!
ATM can cook a mean wind pie and nothing chops.
ATM was Will Smith's stunt double I'm Fresh Prince of Bel Air.
ATM got sent to sexual harassment training because he went "Oh! Pie!" when his busty coworker brought apple pie to work one day.
Atm has a corner office in hell
ATM owns real estate in heck (florida)
When it comes to politics, ATM can go either way, Mitch McConnell or Nancy Pelosi are thicc in his eyes.
ATM hates jher
Atm is NOT with her
ATM hates jher but he loves jher momma
atm's favorite juice flavor is fish
wanna know how atm got these scars ?
atm has a porn wallpaper on his smart fridge
atm has a dedicated tap at home for used bong water
atm thinks thunder is when god is playing bowling
atm dug a large pit to kick people in while shouting THIS IS SPARTA
atm is the village bicycle. Anyone can come up to him and do the little ring ring on his handles
atm always shortens the word "Cumulated" as "cum"
atm eats sticks of butter whole
atm knows how to hotwire a car
atm always picks up hitchhikers but he's never dropped one off anywhere
Atm ignores the signs to not pickup hitchhikers near prisons
Atm beat the shit out of that hitchhiking robot in philly
atm thinks that cloud computing is when he rips a fart inside his computer case
Atm operates in the red rocket district
atm spends most of his time offline and only looks at discord every once in a while
atm thinks being gay is a choice and that you need to just hurry up and choose correctly because you're just way too hot to be straight
atm spends most of his time on discord and almost never goes outside
atm cannae fuck bitches
ATM the All-Frotter!
atm is the gainesville glizzy guzzler
atm just invented shitfinity (it's when you don't stop shitting)
atm has never felt a greater stirring in his loins than when he saw Jetstream Sam for the first time
"fantastic spread" -atm, gazing into his partner's asshole
atm's pokedex entry be like Although weak and helpless, this Pokémon is incredibly fertile. They exist in such multitudes, you'll soon grow tired of seeing them.
atm is the one who eats all the donut holes
atm caught sexually transmitted rickets
atm leaves the bathroom, a janitor enters the bathroom, a single gunshot is heard
atm won't go visit Connor cuz he's afraid of Ethiopians
ATM believes that The Garden of Eden is in Ethiopia.
ATM is the founder of The House of Solomon.
"Reggae? More like ReGAY" - ATM before being shot 58 times in Kingston, Jamaica.
atm tried to get fives to teach him "Vulgarian" (slurs in Bulgarian)
Yikes: ATM Is Mid
Atm has his 3 measurements in his Twitter bio
In 1845 atm became the first man
ATM is VERY excited for the DND movie!
atm is a fnord keeper
Atm is edging the bard
ATM refers to any woman with a slight tan as his "Nubian Queen"
atm refers to Missouri as "The Mommyland"
atm put on a brown wig and headphones and showed up at goggledog's house on his birthday
atm's a 10 but he likes to post memes long after they died
atm gets bullied out of every discord that he didn't personally create
ATM was written primarily by men
atm is concerned that climate change will ruin what is in his opinion the most erotic of the ethnicities, the Irish
atm cheers every time his favorite character comes on screen when he watches anime
atm is so happy he found you
atm took 40 Benadryls and is ready to fight the demon king
its obvious atm has nothing going on on a Friday night because he doesn't actually have friends
atm thinks if you're old enough to work in a factory or mine, you should be old enough to smoke, drink, and drive which is why he supports lowering the age for all of those things to 12
ATM posts crud
ATM became a pro soccer player just so he can wear the Rick and Morty Adidas cleats.
there is something inside atm thats trying to get out (its parasites)
there is something outside atm thats trying get inside (its a swarm of rats)
ATM respects traditional Japanese customs like eating KFC on Christmas.
ATM is like a melody in my head.
atm just peed his bed, can he shit in yours?
ATM refers to young minorities as "Kids of Color" or KoC for short.
atm's Merthday (the day he first met merth) is coming up
ATM is an anime translator who refuses to translate songs.
atm enlisted in the Army because Hatsune Miku told him too and then he died of heat stroke in Baghdad
atm translates and dubs anime songs, he's not a good singer
ATM is part of a corporate backed music group about to enter a major competition, surely they won't lose to the spunky up and comers!
ATM is known as "The Celine Dion of Missouri"
ATM was the divorce lawyer for Church and State.
atm wont stop making ham-curry
ATM is 20% mucus
atm dreams in color
atm's ASS just fucked him in his ASS with its ASSCOCK you see his ASS detached itself and CLONED itself then ONE of he ASSES reattached itself and the OTHER ass grew an ASSCOCK and used it to FUCK its own CLONE
fun fact! atm does get a period and he does bleed out of an orifice!
ATM has infected cum
Atm tells people when he’s masturbating to them
posh is atm's favorite spice girl
ATM keeps trying to jam a fork in an outlet so he can go “to where wrestling is real”
ATM enjoys harvest moon
atm is the master of squeeze bulb suctioney things
Atm can't stick his tongue out without crossing his eyes
A bunch of local gals have been hanging at ATM's apartment.
atm just deconstituted into a puddle of orange goo, concerning!
atm just took a truly fowl shit
ATM has mange
atm has been patched to no longer deny the Holocaust, we are very sorry for any grief this has caused
atm low-key kinda sucks ngl
ATM spends ki points to pee
ATM's head is so big it has its own gravitational pull.
ATM is a coalburner
ATM is a coalburner (the profession)
ATM cums on the floor and leaves it there
ATM likes his nuts like how he likes his women, mixed.
ATM is so ugly, prostitutes pay him to not talk to them.
ATM has a seeing-eye cat
ATM thinks only bisexual people should be allowed to pluck their unibrows.
atm won an Ernest Hemingway lookalike competition by shooting himself on stage
ATM came over for tea, my couch now has THAT smell
ATM just vented
ATM eats American flags
"hey baby, do you like Michelle Yeoh because I'm about to Everything, Everywhere, All at Once out of my Hidden Dragon if you show me your Crouching Tiger" -atm, incapable of brevity or taste
ATM asked his boss for a performance review and they said "ur gay"
atm asked his boss for a performance review and they assembled an entire idol group to give it then fire him
ATM commissioned the Zootopia abortion comic. He paid $50 per page.
Woman: \*has bob* || ATM: Zamn; she got a bob
ATM invented using Beast Fight to attack Video Game Car
ATM's new nemesis is Video Game Car
Video Game Car used to be ATM's oshi, I wonder what happened!
ATM thinks Video Game Car had hymen reconstruction surgery; Video Game Car doesn't have and has never had a hymen, or a vagina, or, in case ATM argues it had a boymen, an anus
ATM called Biden to say Video Game Car has a boymen (boy hymen) in it's anus, Biden said he'd call CNN but then he didn't
ATM is being cast as Blade in the new revival movie.
ATM is the Nijisanji EN manager that's blocking Pomu x Kiara collabs.
ATM’s type is mean and stupid
ATM thinks chemical castration is when you pour acid on someone's balls.
Atm bought a sex tire swing
ATM starred in *The Notebook* (2004) as Gangrenous Black Man 2
ATM categorizes US Presidents by "Seme"  and "Uke"
Atm wanted to help the disabled community so he joined the Crips
ATM hasn't met a child he couldn't scam with candy, he calls it his "lolly con"
atm was in favor of the high inflation rates until he realized it's not related to asuka's eva suit getting bigger
atm claims he "doesn't care much about those star of david people"
ATM is facing several defamation lawsuits
atm commands all borgors in time and space
atm replaced human interaction and relationships with anime
atm is distantly related to goggledog, problematic!
atm is a motivational speaker
atm doesn't see the issue with incest between step-siblings that are the same age and like, recently met I mean come on they're not related in a that'll make a fucked up baby and its not their fault their parents fell in love haha like come on!
Atm ships his friends (ground)
Atm made a hat out of Servals-chan
Atm kissed floppa and he liked it
Atm went to theater camp
atm stapled phat's mouth shut because he talked when Nino was on-screen during the server Quintessential Quintuplets movie watch party
"I'm gonna turn your anus into a wasnus" -atm, talking dirty
atm was too racist for HP Lovecraft
Atm is campaigning to rename NPR to National Talk Radio
atm just ate a middle school student!
Atm runs a Tumblr ask blog where he replies in character as his own homestuck fan troll
Atm wipes his ass with towels at the hotel and rolls them back up hoping the staff won't replace them thinking they weren't used
atm is slowly going more and more insane everyday
the only thing anchoring atm's sanity at this point is an anime character
atm is making a few calls to Homeland to make sure goggledog gets a nice tropical vacation in Cuba instead of being allowed back into Canada
atm is about to make an atm fact real
atm offers an armpit shaving service where he glues tiny razor blades to his tongue
red beans and rice didn't miss atm
ATM has joined Fortnite.
atm has a biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig penis
atm wants to get his dick SUCKED
ATM hasn't lost his virginity because he never loses.
ATM watched Nisemonogatari and was no longer allowed to go back to dental school.
atm got a rather unexpected but logical erection at the scene where Ichika brushes Yotsuba's teeth
ATM relates to the Monogatari series because he too is surrounded by mentally ill people.
atm went through the gapes of hell
atm put his foreskin through a waffle iron to play ping-pong with his dong
ATM's favorite light novel is Moby Dick.
atm doesn't know why they call it "descent into madness", he's never felt higher in his life!
atm is horny for sans undertale
ATM cut the power for Hans Gruber
ATM's bond girl name is "Fart Gloryhole"
ATM’s favorite ship dynamic is yaw
Atm's favorite persona character is Adolf Hitler
ATM’s favorite ship dynamic is person who posts “me and who” where nobody in the image describes them and the person that always replies “me”
ATM doesn't flush after he pees because he wants a good "vintage"
Police pumped ATM’s stomach and managed to recover that middle schooler alive
ATM's favorite song is "Kiss from a Rose" by Seal.
ATM is the reason why Seal's face is the way it is.
atm is pretty BatChest ngl
Atm never goes to church without wearing his bible belt
atm is a sussy baka
atm pissed in a cement mixer so that his DNA would be part of his house foundation
"Nobody wants to work anymore" -atm in an interview about why he can't find employees to work at his prolapse factory
ATM's next cosplay idea is "Nazi Vegeta".
atm was disappointed in the size of Will Ferrell's breasts when he watched that one christmas movie
Atm cares way too much about “accurate” depictions of mythical creatures
atm is the conductor of the fuck train, where you can get railed on rails
Atm is way too horny
atm hates how slavic the porn industry has become
Atm wants a pretty anime girl to shoot him in the crotch with rubber bullets repeatedly
ATM really enjoyed the Usagi Drop anime and can't wait to start the manga!
The kanji for atm also means Penis Flesh
atm (born 27 August 1958) is a Soviet and Russian mechanical engineer and former cosmonaut. As a prominent rocket scientist, he is a veteran of six space flights and ranks third to Gennady Padalka and Yuri Malenchenko for the most time spent in space: a total of 803 days, 9 hours, and 39 minutes.
atm goes on counter-strike aim training maps to get better at FPSes because he wants to get close to a cute boy
Atm experienced love at first site. The site is goatse.cx
Atm doesn't believe in feet
atm once punched someone and called them a groomer for dating a 14 year old girl. they were 15
"ITS A FUCKING DISC" -atm, holding a machete threatening people using the word Frisbee when referring to disc golf
Time keeps slipping slipping || Into the future || Fly like an atm to where there's pee
atm drew the album cover for Snoop's Doggy Stylr
the reason all n64 emulators suck is because whenever a new dev tries to make one, atm threatens them
atm is directing a very important team building exercise at work (it involves rusty razor blades)
ATM likes songs that are more talking than singing.
This Atm will make you PISS in under 30 seconds
Atm is the current head dev on gentoo despite never using it
Atm always wear steel toe boots
Atm has steel toe retro Jordans
the annual atm Christmas special always airs in August for some reason
ATM was extremely disappointed that "Much Ado about Nothing" wasn't a high energy jpop concert but a shitty play with british accents.
"THE ONLY COLORS I FLY ARE THE RED WHITE AND BLUE BROTHER" - atm, sewing a czechia flag onto his travel bag
atm is a landlord in Axie Infinity
Atm wears short skirts I wear t-shirts
Atm wants his baby back baby back baby back baby back baby back baby back baby back baby back baby back baby back
"Ribbed for your pleasure 😉" - ATM at a barbeque.
"grapefruit got me acting unwise" - atm, tonguefucking his breakfast
atm did tongue surgery on his grussy
atm modded a church into a video game and posted vague hints about it on twitter and reddit
ATM and Hulk Hogan share a lot of similar opinions.
ATM loves steampunk because it reminds him of the early days of capitalism.
ATM is dating a British police department in Ohio
ATMs real name is Tony and his parents always called him Tony baloney growing up, what bad a nickname
ATM was the eponymous character in the hit GTA expansion "The Ballad of Gay Tony"
ATM fuckin loves bananas
ATM can't guess He-Man's pronouns.
ATM can harmonize with construction site noises.
ATM has decided to start a family, he's just unsure of which species yet
ATM’s favorite terrible American city is Baltimore
Atm got fired from the vrchat Kmart after he pissed in the cash register
ATM wants to steal my cheese.
Atm shits alphabetically
atm still mourns the loss of the Zellers' diner
Atm thinks he's Tom Cruise
atm has a bug bite fetish
ATM refers to black people as "Alters"
Atm founded Mormonism as a joke and it has gotten out of control
ATM is a gay white guy so he gets the N word pass.
The feeding ramp is polished to a mirror sheen. The slide’s been reinforced. And the interlock with the frame is tightened for added precision. The sight system is original, too. The thumb safety is extended to make it easier on the finger. A long-type trigger with non-slip grooves. A ring hammer… The base of the trigger guard’s been filed down for a higher grip. And not only that, nearly every part of this atm has been expertly crafted and customized.
Atm polished a turd
Atm is the world's leading resource in Jimmy Neutron lore
Atm enjoys engravings and pearl grips even though they provide no tactical advantage
atm won the grand prize at the Mega Milkions lottery
"Damnit ATM! This is the third time this month you've coated all the catheters in the hospital with chili oil and the patients are beginning to complain!"
atm gets more ass than a toilet seat
atm loves to breathe in dorito dust
atm is registered as a LLC
atm is a great host (he has many parasites)
Atm uses ten gallons per flush
atm wears a tiny hat
On the third Tuesday of every month, atm exchanges pleasantries with all his neighbors
atm bought a lie detector in order to ask people if they're gay
atm thanks the lord everyday for loving him, even when he's being bad
ATM got more lyrics than the church got oooh lords.
Atm likes his beer the way he likes his bunnies. Hoppy
"Zamn! Scrunka fricka Fracka gamers baheaves that screave 😎" - ATM speaking fluent Swedish
atm's favorite style of pizza is deep dish
ATM does at-home fecal transplants
ATM is a 9 year old with unguarded internet access.
ATM domesticates clams.
ATM thought MS-13 was a new windows OS.
Atm thinks monkeypox refers to props from MVP : Most Valuable Primate (2000)
ATM really thought "The Hurt Locker" was about a sentient storage space in pain.
"Coffee creamer ? I hardly knew her!" -atm, every morning at the office coffee machine
ATM’s debut rap album was called “The Skrrt Locker”
ATM didn't save Private Ryan.
ATM is on Schindler's List! He's hoping it'll be a fun party.
ATM saved Ryan's Privates
Atm screams PUSH PUSH PUSH at pregnant women (they are programmers he really needs them to send their code updates to the git)
ATM is running through the six with his woes(whatever that means)
atm thinks borat is a real person
ATM saw Don't mess with the Zohan at the theater
ATM was really sad when he found out Wolfram Alpha was some nerdy math shit and not a hot furry porn site
Oh god oh fuck ATM Speaks Kikongo, someone quarantine him ASAP
"Fucking weebs" -atm, judging everyone at the convention while he's wearing a sailor moon cosplay
atm drove over several golfers at his country club while driving a british car (he was playing mini golf)
Atm bought an italian supercar to do donuts on farmland in the midwest (he wanted to visit lambeau field)
Atm won the powerball (He connected his testicles to a car battery)
ATM wants to fuck a cartoon
atm thinks osteoporosis is fucking hilarious
This is so sad, atm play despacito
Atm has shit his pants
atm is r/sadcringe material
atm is a terminal redditor
ATM isn't a daddy, he's just a gremlin whore.
Atm can't drive automatic cars. He can only drive stick.
ATM has "500$ sign on bonus" tattooed over his butt
ATM has never once been to Reno to watch a man die
atm was banned from OnlyFans for making a "Haters" price tier and allowing anyone that subscribes to it be able to electrocute him when he streams. Apparently the "only fans" is an actual rule.
atm's favorite ship dynamic is himself and you 😏
atm wants to know if you can screampie you
Atm was the guy in the Spiderman costume eating a big-ass onion ring
atm can't tell a bunch of quintuplets apart even though they have completely different hair, moron!
atm is too gay to function (Missouri has an incredibly out of date mental healthcare system)
atm has the tiktok voice read him atm facts to help him fall asleep at night
Atm feels more love for an anime character than he did for any of the past 4 people he dated
"Hey, I fetishize ALL women, thank you very much" - ATM on why he's a feminist.
Atm wishes Ryuko would use the scissors to circumcize him
ATM sweats profusely when he's asked "breasts or thighs" at KFC.
atm will always fight when asked "chicken or beef"
ATM suffers from congenital feeblemindedness.
Atm bought a Grass Wonder figurine to touch whenever he needs to win an internet argument
"heh, more like Crapper Barrel" -atm, clogging another toilet
Atm gets knocked down, but he gets up again
ATM's teeth are on display at the Vatican
ATM has an ass prosthesis made of solid gold
Atm is horny for police brutality (he wants gold ship to pistol whip him)
ATM cares deeply about free speech (he wants to say the n-word)
atm SHARTED in my GAZEBO!!!
atm's favorite ship dynamic is he needs to pee and open your mouth
ATM got that boomerang dick 😳
Atm was a drug mule for 15 years. He smuggled aspirin in his ass every time he crossed the Atlantic
Atm considers Mr. Ed to be the original vtuber
you are cordially invited to atm's circumcision!
atm makes eye contact with imaging satellites
"I will get you off even if you are convicted" -atm, attorney at law
"I did a 30 pull yesterday" -atm, never played a gacha game in his life
the only "happy birthday" message atm got this year was an automated text from his dentist's office
atm's proctologist shot himself
"I hate all the man-made fake boundaries of modern society" -atm on condoms
ATM pees a little when he gets excited
atm, approaching you with a butcher knife: "Let's make some slice of life out of you"
Atm is a hoe (he's working for a YouTube content farm)
ATM rolled coal into 100 hells Angels once
Atm tried to swat Korone
ATM calls transwomen moidbornfoids
ATM calls transmen foidbornmoids
ATM has three toes on a necklace around his neck
atm lost the war
atm writes alt-history fiction where the Union didn't win and the Nazis won, he thinks he actually has anything worth saying
atm recently won a court case when it turned it is actually perfectly legal to measure someone's skull before hiring them
atm's favorite mythical creature is a good cop
atm's favorite favorite is favorite
atm sure does kiss a lot of boys for a straight guy
atm plays the "violince", its a violin that can kill people
atm's girlfriend has a boyfriend that has a girlfriend that has a boyfriend who is also dating atm
atm once gnawed his way into and then back out of an elephant
"we can fix it in post" -atm after being spotted stealing cantaloupes by the security camera
atm never knows when or where the pee will come out
atm actually managed to delete daddy and get free
atm has a hot (syphilitic) ass
atm is passionate about 4chan and constantly defends it
atm gained 3 new fetishes the first time he was given a swirly
atm comitted regicide
atm's favorite drink at happy hour is battery acid
Atm committed Brokencide
ATM has separation anxiety with his toilet.
you do NOT want to see atm's blacklist on pornsites
Atm is a UN translator and purposefully mistranslates things
atm electrocuted his neighbor because he wanted to see his skeleton like in cartoons
Atm just can’t sleep without his security blanket (it’s a gun rolled up in a blanket)
Atm commissioned a daki of goggledog where one side is a person and the other is his coyote-sona
ATM's memory foam pillow wishes it could forget
atm was sent to prison and all the other inmates got their sentences commuted because having to share a prison with atm was considered "cruel and unusual punishment"
“A society grows great when old men plant trees in whose shade they shall never sit" -atm, posting another tidbit of barely coherent insanity on a chat platform that'll be dead within 5 years
Try new Cum-Blasted ATM Flakes! They're Dank-e-licious!
atm has a cummy ache
ATM coined the term "Dark Continent" for Africa.
atm's fursona came to life! Unfortunately its November 12th
atm will soon have been granted the rank of master
ATM can pilot the gay plane.
The real ATM actually died in Desert Storm and the ATM we know is his younger brother who took his identity.
Atm has court mandated appointments with a gastroenterologist to manage his stinky farts
atm wants pog off in your boyhole
atm thought newegg.com was a forum for Fallout: New Vegas players
atm went to New York City and fell in an open manhole and was carried away into the depths by a swarm of rats
atm thinks anime is an elaborate plot to weaken western men as revenge for the atomic bombs
atm draws Miku's headphones weirdly large in fanart
atm went back in time and bullied his past self
atm went forward in time to elder abuse his future self but never found him
ATM uses his loose friends
Atm is set to narrate several documentaries on how Slaughterhouses operate
atm had falafels write dub lines for a Cronenberg film, had the TikTok TTS voice speak them, then screened the movie in an active slaughterhouse
atm and his wife got married in a slaughterhouse and instead of exchanging rings, they used the air guns to kill a cow for each other
ATM got "reincarnated" in Shibuya (he got way too drunk in Shinjuku and passed out  near the fake Hachiko statue at Tower Records in his own vomit.)
Atm has been subtly brainwashing everyone on this server to obey his commands from a broadcast station playing a series of deer noises
ATM thinks long strip is the superior comic format.
ATM refers to Jersey Shore guidos as "Italian Gyaru and Gyaro"
ATM's new sex thing is called "Martha Wayne's Pearl Necklace" and you do NOT want to know what it is.
ATM is a fan artist who obsesses over a minor character.
ATM forgot about Dre.
ATM gets Dr. Dre,  Andre 3000, Andre the Giant, and Andre Agassi mixed up all the time.
Atm was Venti’s costume designer
Andre the Giant's hand can fit into ATM's bussy with extra room.
whenever atm pops a blackhead, at least 20 feet comes out
atm won the battle with the power of heart...removal
atm's flirting is the internet equivalent of when a cat brings you a mangled corpse
atm hit merth with a truck
Atm is watching cuck porn right now
whoever summoned this fact... LOOK OUT ATM IS RIGHT BEHIND YOU
ATM's pimples pop themselves
ATM's porn name is Jizzy Gillespie
atm is training to be the next hokage
ATM gerrymandered very hard for his district to look like a penis.
ATM invaded Hong Kong to rename it "Hung Dong".
ATM tried to refer to non-binary people as "noids" but got sued by Domino's Pizza.
ATMs got pms
atm ain't about that brasnizzy
Atm wakes up at 5:30 every morning to get a run in so he can start his day feeling superior to everyone else.
atm is a "movie buff" 🤮
atm is a "history buff" 🤮
atm is a "philosophy buff" 🤮
atm is a "literature buff" 🤮
Atm is “in the buff” 🤢
atm ported to thunder bluff 🐮
Atm fell off a bluff
ATM picks his nose because he thinks it's a butt AND HE SHOULD THINK THAT
ATM breeds birds with a biological imperitive to poop on people
atm has a biological imperative to poop on people and he breeds birds
ATM pees sitting down. Facing the toilet.
ATM is the micturition master
ATM is aberrated
Atm is based and redpilled
Atm just posted something problematic on Twitter
ATM’s love is forbidden (he’s Canadian)
Try freshly squeezed atm (now pulp-free)
ATM has never seen The Simpsons.
ATM's hobby is googling "black person with no feet"
Uh oh! ATM got into the peanut butter again and his epipen has expired!
Nickelodeon greenlit ATM's CatDog spinoff, "Cumhog" the show aired for 2 seasons.
ATM is somehow Nickelodeon's least problematic creator.
ATM loves Emilia.
Atm misunderstood what taking the knot means and now has several splinters in his sphincter
Atm misunderstood what tying the knot means and is now married to a dog
ATM misunderstood knottingham and fucked a pig
atm can do a 360 in his sex swing
atm steals only what he can't afford (that's everything)
Atm wants to go out Mr Hands style to the first horseman of the apocalypse
ATM parks in the veteran only parking at the grocery store
atm will only drink wine if it was pressed by someone's bare feet
Mona made ATM pay her rent even though she makes 10 times more than him.
atm can cook beef so that it looks like Monster Hunter meat
ATM pronounces Zoe /ˈzøː/
Yooooo! Atm just ass-vored George P Bush!
A godlike being stranded ATM and his Barber on a desert island and the barber was very upset because it was all atms fault
atm's libido is out of control and a category 5 hurricane is bearing down on land! Quick, jerk him off and really get that pog out of his boysack before the hurricane combines with his raging horniness and turns into a hurricame!
Atm’s favorite Quint is Ichika
Yikes: ATM Just Had Our Party Fight A Swarm Of Cockrats
ATM drinks piss
Atm brushes his face teeth and his ass teeth with the same brush
ATM is the one who called that vtuber who had a massive twitter meltdown a groomer because she (F19) has a 17 year old bf
atm gets brainfreeze on purpose
Atm is desperately trying to get close to this server's owner
Atm wanted to build a replicator like in Star trek but all it does is change matter into solid gold
Woah! atm's bussy is wet as fuck right now!
In lieu of condoms, ATM performs the safety dance before sex, it works every time.
Atm calls impregnating his wife “booming her womb”
ATM is desperately trying to turn his friends into Aqua.
ATM is 3PM
ATM is an Italian sub
Atm once cucked someone to death
Atm made a soap opera called Gays of our Lives. It ran for 34 seasons
Atm is the strongest material in the universe
ATM has been disbarred in 34 states
ATM DRRINKSS PISSSS!!!!!!!!!!!
Atm fucks his Ikea shark
ATM just had a pissneurysm (aneurysm but piss)
Atm jerked off, cut down some trees and then relaxed with his favorite M rated Nintendo 64 platformer. He came, he sawed, he Conkered.
atm refers to being uncircumcised as "goymoding"
atm intented a new language in order to expand his repertoire of slurs
atm went camping and slept intented
atm installed a romhack on his twink neighbor in a practice he called "boymodding"
ATM invented a new music called pisscore
ATM went camping and *insert_that_embarrassing_thing_he_did_in_the_tent*
atm voted for Eric
heartbreaking, the only atm you know just died
atm one ate a dead rat i found under a dumpster because i told him i'd think he was cool if he did it
atm went back and removed all his laugh reacts on a user's posts when he found out they were actually a woman
ATM always has a really solid alibi: he's a moron.
The secret message behind ATM is Attack the Australia
Atm has been researching for 6 years what Margaret Thatcher’s fursona would’ve been so he can commission art of it
new atm just dropped
NEVER look at ATM's room with a blacklight
Atm the kinda guy to name his dog Beast
ATM's real name is Seamus O'Connor
Atm tried to market and sell a NSFW version of Mr Potato Head
Atm is being SILENCED
ATM's favorite meal is overcooked 7-11 taquitos and a box of Chardonnay.
ATM hosts a podcast where the guests tell him their life story called Drinking Your Pisstory
ATM has something
ATM does pro bono diabetes testing
We've all got ATM
ATM eat-a da pasta!
atm beat Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts while blindfolded
There's a butterfly in atm's ass
Everything ATM writes is bottom text
ATM is only partially implemented
atm was called "The Big Easy" in highschool because of his huge swampy ass and constant drunkenness
atm just posted froghole on main
Atm is horny on main (street)
Atm is horny in Maine
atm made me look at his plopper
atm is so pale he makes British people colonize themselves in comparison
Atm made a found footage movie by filming his bathroom
atm owns a small business
atm keeps trying to convince his cis friends to transition
atm injected merth with meth and ketamine to see what would happen
Uh oh! ATM is horny for a fictional character again!
atms salads are 3/4 cheese
ATM is homophobook
Atm got a dusty bussy
wow! atm just...shit his pants? in front of the police station? what a statement!
Atm kisses his dakis with tongue
atm goes to bed listening to Jonathan Frakes telling him he's wrong on loop for 3 hours
ATM is learning to "shuffle" to hardstyle
atm's butthole goblin problem is under control
ATM thinks "thin Blue line" means he's pregnant
atm opened an electronics store called "Worst Buy" that actually has better prices and selection than Best Buy
ATM is an utaite that only sings nu metal covers of vocaloid songs.
atm has had enough of your bull excrement
ATM will call a fan a "blowie"
Ever heard of a Columbian necktie? Well atm invented the Tibetian G-String
Atm just got sent to the Island of Misfit Boys! It’s an island full of moody, slightly emo twinks that just want to hold and be held! He can take one other member of this server and will take the first person that sends Connor $250! Also some of the twinks wear diapers or whatever
atm has a tattoo on his lower back that says "mind the gape"
atm was shot by a library cop because he kept eating the library's Twilight books
ATM's favorite song is "Rock Me Amadeus" by Falco
ATM hosts a podcast that comprises of him and three friends talking about how much they hate women and minorities
atm will let you hit if you're a little goofy
atm is commemorating the anniversary of the bombing of Hiroshima by "blowing a fat mushroom cloud" (he's vaping psilocybin). Problematic?
contrary to popular belief, the Nazis did not go to the moon or the center of the hollow earth. Instead they went into atm's ass, his ass is just filled to the brim with Nazis
Atm is opening a Cold War themed BBQ restaurant called The Bay of Pigs
atm fell asleep on a bench and woke up to Hu Tao putting coupons for 25% off a funeral in his pocket and Venti stealing his wallet
you are not gonna like what atm is about to show you
"so that just happened!" -atm, tail gunner of the Enola Gay
atm doesn't know what it is but he's extremely against the Inflation Reduction Act
"Strike Witches? I'd rather see [redacted by the ADL]!" -atm, unprompted
never let atm get bored
"that pussy got me acting up" -atm, allergic to cats
atm pronounces a g in front of all words that start with an i because he's a fucking jackass
atm wants to open, manage, run into the ground and do heroin in the bathroom of the first McDonalds on Mars
ATM's walk cycle is broke and he no clipped into Zimbabwe.
Atm snores gayly
Atm started a bisexual ambulance company but it got shut down because all the bisexual EMTs kept crashing the ambulances and giving patients the wrong doses because they can’t do math 🤪
ATM's favorite phrase is "Wait a cotton picking moment!"
atm has a simple mind
atm fact pulls are part of your daily whoreoscope
ATM forgot about Jim Kerr.
atm's ears produce 25 liters of wax every month
Atm is a gnome! And you've been gnomed!
"The human rectum is nightmarishly elastic!" -atm
atm prefers ball tops over bat tops
atm cooks his hotdogs with cannabutter
atm's new name is Shabreezy
ATM is one of those weirdos who moves to a foreign country for a fashion subculture no one gives a shit about.
atm spends all his time with a tiny annoying woman with huge boobs and they just need to get on with it and kiss already damn
atm, a white man from Missouri, should pay the black members of this server reparations
atm once plead the 3rd in court
atm just posted ass in the mule channel and its causing a HUGE kerfuffle on Farmcord
Atm sets all drug prices
atm is the creature they milk insulin out of
atm doesn't have any apes picture
ATM's real name is Jugemu Jugemu Go-Kō-no-Surikire Kaijari-suigyo no Suigyō-matsu Unrai-matsu Fūrai-matsu Kū-Neru Tokoro ni Sumu Tokoro Yaburakōji no Burakōji Paipo Paipo Paipo no Shūringan Shūringan no Gūrindai Gūrindai no Ponpokopii no Ponpokonaa no Chōkyūmei no Chōsuke
Atm and Hitler explored each other’s bodies in 1917
ATM has a crest like a birb
ATM can recharge his A/C by mouth
atm disposes of the unsuitable deposits at the sperm bank
Atm eats firewood
Atm thinks that Ganga is Indian manga
ITAOTS was inspired by the time ATM and Jeff Mangum shared a taxi in 1994.
"Activate Charcoal? Hell yeah let's get grilling!" - ATM getting his stomach pumped again
Atm was super into that Dr Who x MLP fandom shit
atm is constantly searching for the elusive moldywarp
ATM can fart the Terminator 2 theme.
ATMs colon is made of liquid metal
ATM has a deadblow hammer, whether or not it's function is related to work around the garage or his zombie fetish is not my place to say.
ATM has been looking into exposure therapy for his crippling fear of boobs
"atm is such a pissboy lol" || - his mom
atm jumps like megaman
ATM set up a date at a place that's closed
atm was breastfed until the age of 15
atm refers to non-binary elves as Themselves
atm lies about having skydived in video game surveys
atm lies about being able to use BeastForce in sexual activity surveys
Atm lies about his rectal elasticity on his dating profile
Atm suffers from e-rectal dysfunction
Atm is trying to breakthrough on the Italian film scene with Spaghetti Anime. His first piece was a slice-of-pie movie
ATM has a fetish for Chinese bloatware
Atm is comprised!
Instead of "Netflix and Chill" ATM offers his dates "Plex and Mating Press". He's always successful
ATM got botulism from his home canning attempts
ATM's idea of cornbread is shoving an entire corncob into a loaf
Atm still somehow says kek in the year of our Lord 2022
Atm has been cosplaying for 26 years and has yet to cosplay non-POC characters
ATM sabotaged the toilets in the women's restroom at his local gym.
Atm listens to explosive diarrhea ASMR before sleeping
ATM works in the laundry room of his local gym.
ATM misses minstrel shows.
Atm designs anti-homeless benches. He shapes them like houses so that whenever they step inside they're not homeless anymore.
*atm showing you an awful meme* “yo this goes hard bruh no cap fr”
Atm thinks no cap is short for No Kappa
Atm thinks the sun rises to the East
Atm is banned from most reddit gaming communities after he posted hole with the title "Let's get this bred gamers"
If your family guy funny clips compilation fails to make atm laugh, he'll write your name down in his Death Note
Atm got a lot more Grindr matches when he deleted all the info from his bio and just put “aryan”
Atm brings a blacklight to every hotel he goes to. If his walls are not completely covered in cum he complains to hotel staff
Atm is the reason that the Finger lakes are named as such. Both the finger and the lake part
"Lmao do it Coward" - ATM's last text to Asuka's mom
Atm bought a sound blaster card and was disappointed when he found out it didn't fit his urethra
Atm climaxing sounds exactly like a M1 Garand ping
ATM’s boyhole is currently down for maintenance, please try again later
ATM has grown several new arms
Atm hasn't been the same ever since he switched from wet food to dry food
sdrawkcab si mta
atm tried to use beastforce to do math but it failed
atm invented... pissfinity.
"I don't want a tsundere, I want to get some beer!" -atm
atm thought being a Doctor would be cool but now he's defending Rhode Island from slugs with interns and catgirls and oh god an intern just DIED
Country atms make do
atm's ass is fully erect
atm is a beach bitch
atm does drugs hard
atm came into work with man-pog still on his face, guess the date went well!
ATM puts the ug in slug
Atm enters information into databases using all caps except for the letter L
ATM only dates 1-dimmensional beings
ATM takes a horse pill every day.
Atm gives his onion rings a rimjob before he eats them
Atm puts the "fun" in Christian Fundamentalism
ATM produced 14 editions of Girls Gone Wild
ATM beats the shit out of little children just so he can feel joy.
ATM is being raided by the fbi
ATM once sucked dick for bus fare. And then he walked.
atm sells blowjobs in Vickrey–Clarke–Groves auctions
"I'm sorry, I'm just a little bit nervous, it's just.. I've always dated frogs before ya know?.." //// -ATM
Your shoulder is broken and you have a cracked collarbone after rolling behind the concrete barrier. You quickly peak around it's edge to catch a glimpse of ATM, your heart pounding as you flinch back, his ham javelin nearly catching you in the eye.
Every time ATM eats a ham sandwich, he sends a pig $100.
"Is this loss?" -atm, looking at any 4-panel anything
The oldest myth to survive to the modern age is the tale of hunting ATM for sport
ATM was the lead programmer for Superman 64
"women are vicious harpies who pounce on any perceived weakness" - atm
atm finds it inconceivable or at the very least a bit unlikely that the relative position of the planets and the stars could have a special deep significance or meaning that exclusively applies to only him
the relative position of the planets and the stars has a special deep significance or meaning that exclusively applies to only atm
atm talks out of his ass, its fucked up
atm is over the age of 24 and therefore no longer considered sexually or romantically valuable to men
atm does quality assurance at the horse cum bank
atm has a youtube channel where he makes hour long videos analyzing if Trump is wearing a diaper or not
forcing inmates to share a bathroom with atm used to be considered a viable method of execution in several states
ATM put on some sensual music and lit up his low tide Yankee candle
Atm works for CPS (cuck protective services) because he believes eveyrone deserves a chance to raise their wife's son
atm is interpretation
ATM only listens to music tuned to 432
ATM is the head of The Zulu Nation.
atm is afoot
ATM is a rude boy 😈
Atm wants to get rid of all triangles
ATM called the police on a group of Diptera, he swatted the fly.
ATM played soccer in the Netherlands under the name "Jizz Hornkamp"
"lakes are land" - atm
Atm once disassembled the office copier, put all the parts in his ass, reassembled it with his adept rectal tongue and precision farts, then shit a fully assembled office copier out his highly elastic boyhole
ATM just invented a sus move!
Stop talking about anime body pillows you're going to give ATM horny shivers
Atm is currently stranded in El Paso
Atm often refers to boobs as "breasticles"
ATM has testicular cancer.
ATM famously said "trees, who needs them!"
ATM wrote 12% of TvTropes
atm's tenants are like the little ghosts in his head, they live rent-free
please keep my cashews away from atm
atm's Catholic friend started playing Smash Bros and atm immediately called the police
atm thinks Minority Report is movie about crime rates by race
do NOT give atm a hamster
ATM isn't only homosexual. He's also dumb and gay.
atm only drives in neutral
atm made me do it
atm taught his 2 year old niece how to vape
atm finna bafl
ATM still has his air brushed shirts of hood Spongebob and Bugs Bunny.
atm just popped a boner! He really needs to start taking those blood pressure meds
"* = rog he" - ATM
atm poured bleach in my asshole
Wow! She Is Using BeastForce To Fly That Plane In Order To Kill Wehrmacht Soldiers! - ATM, BuzzFeed Guy Extraordinaire
ATM is the Harbinger of the Pisspocalypse
ATM's foreskin functions like a bag of holding.
Atm's root password is `root`
atm is a monoid in the category of endofunctors
The ATM that can be spoken is not the true atm
ATM is concentric circles gang
ATM is living his best feral hot girl summer and hasn't slept more than three hours a night in two weeks
atm's been slowly changing his Discord profile pic to make it more zoomed out and its becoming clear that this entire time its been a picture of his asshole
ATM has a sandwich shop in the Bass Pro Shop Pyramid called "The Baiting Press"
Atm posted Hole in Nirvanacord
ATM works like a Jamaican.
ATM is a shameless grifter
atm thinks horoscopes are binoculars specifically made to spot kemonomimis
ATM thought Rage Against the Machine was an anarcho-primitivism band
atm thinks sex pistols are a real thing and he really wants to shoot your mom with one
ATM calls his local department of social services to report abuse and neglect whenever his parents don't feed him tendies.
ATM’s local department of sewer services calls the police to report abuse and neglect whenever his parents feed him tendies
ATM is neuroscreavepotent
ATM is idempotent
ATM wrote a scientific article about his 3 month binge of masturbating to shota porn
ATM styles his ear hair
Atm dyes his boyhole fur
atm drinks his ovaltine
ATM tried to BattleFight his car, he lost
ATM refuses to speak about the time he tried to BattleSex his car
ATM is looking forward to voting for DeSantis for president!
atm's ass has a nice crust
atm worships the rough beast
"'Meet you in front of Spencer's Gifts'? Oh I thought you said 'throw up in Spencer's bed'!" -atm, finding his excuse
atm can quick swap his boyhole if it overheats while he's firing off dung loads
ATM's Pissfinity || 9th-level transmutation || Range: Sight || Components: V, S, M (divine urine worth at least 5000 gp) || Casting time: 1 action || Duration: Permanent || You cause a creature within your line of sight to urinate forever.
ATM's parents walked in on him with his pants down and hooves out
ATM is working on a fanmade HD Remaster of that one game by illusion
Atm can go invisible but his clothes can. There's a chance at any given moment that atm is standing naked next to you
ATM plays the sitar.
atm can double jump in real life
ATM parks under "no stopping any time" signs
ATM creamed on the crops
Atm puts magnets on his shoes to scale various metallic surfaces
On a scale of cuda to merth, ATM is a solid supergauntlet
atm drinks his coffee with mayo
atm shaves his scrotum and only his scrotum
19% of atm's mass is compressed ass gas
"call my ass 'civil liberties' because I want you to violate me with that hog" -atm, sexting
ATM thought the dudes in the woods wearing bedsheets where white mages.
ATMs original online name was "NeinVaginas"
Atm reenacted the movie Memento because someone stole his tendies
atm runs Mr. Thick Dick's Rick Ick-perience, its a VR experience that simulates being inside Rick Sanchez's adult diaper!
Atm gives shit filled donuts to cops
the last time atm was happy was when he was the mayor of the local dildo shop on Foursquare
atm exclusively uses UTC time to make annoying people shut up
Atm was targeted by Young Thug and YSL for "having too much drip"
Atm can move by slithering along the ground
Atm has insane core strength
Every time ATM sneezes he jizzes a little
atm has been typing and not posting for a while now
ATM often fits an entire GameCube up his ass
ATM regrets many choices around this Discord server
ATM uses rabbit pelt as toilet paper
ATM uses captive elephants as a bidet
ATM uses jher as a hookah pipe
atm can suck you off with his ass
atm is kinda quirked up tho
It’s 3am and atm is in your room, are you prepared?
Atm uses his piss as coolant for his pc
atm goes to Comiket for the aroma
atm thought the song "The House of the Rising Sun" was about Jhonty and Connor's Richmond otaku shack
atm has long hair and he DOES care
atm brought fried chicken, watermelon and a jug of purple kool-aid to the picnic hoping to make a racist joke and ended up being the most popular person there because he brought all the good stuff
ATM's favorite search tags are "mating_press hilary_clinton"
ATM shit himself
ATM reverse shit himself
ATM is a keyblade master
ATM has an above average number of fingers
@Pikachu_Butt_Slut did you know that atm thought cows went meow
ATM's fursona <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scottish_Blackface>
ATM's childhood inspired Moral Orel
the sign on the coffeeshop said "no cringe allowed" so his parents tied his leash to a tree outside and then he died from heatstroke because his parents forgot him there
ATM species first evolved in the ediacaran period
atm is one of those people who holds a grudge against his parents for circumcising him
ATM doesn't like any of us
atm operates a bus service called ColumBUS which gets lost, ends up in a peaceful neighborhood then he distributes weapons and tells you to go kill all the brown people you see
atm likes all of us
atm keeps his motorcycle in his apartment
atm wants to fuck George Bush in his George Bussy
Atm gives out cigars as prizes at the carnival
atm is incredibly lame
ATM wants to be a witch but the other witches reject him because his hat is way too small.
atm's marital flesh expanded at the sight of that whale tail you're sporting big boy
atm tied his boyfriend to the bed then went to go watch sports
atm really needs a dragon girlfriend RIGHT NOW PLEASE
atm put the rat vtuber in the microwave
ATM does what Nintendon't
ATMs signature dish is rotisserie cheerios
atm made an advanced AI that can detect cringe but had to take it offline when it went "rogue" and tried to kill him
When atm gets flustered he starts farting a lot
When atm feels flattered he farts a lot
ATM can do the cinnamoroll hairstyle with his pubes.
Atm likes his Italian women like he likes his Super Mario Maker levels, full of goombas
Atm browses porn with a VPN
ATM mounts his John Deere via the three point hitch
ATM is certified fresh on Rotten Tomatoes.
ATM is so fresh and so clean clean.
ATM goes to Atlanta every year for Freaknik.
ATM makes MMD videos of anime girls doing the Stanky Leg.
ATM going to the local woodshop with his Korone shirt, what's he gonna do?
ATM has a Harry Potter x Goblin Slayer crossover in mind and JK Rowling approves.
ATM lost his flower with regex
ATM pretends to be into yaoi to hit on nerdy women.
ATM is working on a porn parody of late night comedians. Atm is set to star as Jimmy Phallus
ATM's party name is Midwestern Hoof Trimmer
Atm wants to know if you've ever seen the rain
ATM is the only one I know doing any shooting
atm shoots fat wads of baby gravy into jher's pillows when jher is at work
atm's nuts jangle like a cowbell when they dangle
atm is overpopulated
atm is buying fur-themed oneseies for all of us!
ATM likes lo-fi whispery Japanese female rappers.
Atm bought Jhonty tickets to a Band of Horses concert thinking it had something to do with that “singing race horses cartoon”
ATM brings his grill into supermarkets and begins cooking in the produce section
ATM knows who Kilroy is.
atm was here
ATM was there
ATM adopted one of the employees at an animal shelter
Atm wanted to synthesize sweat for personal consumption but all the ingredients were native to South East Asia so he opened up a shop there
ATM was the stunt coordinator for Barney.
ATM runs a fertility clinic/soup kitchen/bird sanctuary/marijuana dispensary called "Breed Feed Seed and Weed"
"Godamnit this forest is infested with twinks!" -ATM, making poor time through his local park
Atm makes goof troop pegging porn
Atm was present at the Denny's grand slam
ATM had the Denny's waitress insert his whale-bone catheter and got a UTI from syrup
Atm trusts the government
ATM is ghosting me.
atm has oppositional thumbs
ATM was just renamed Scrungus Flimbo!
ATM gets his deodorant from the dark web
ATM is what historians refer to as a douchebag
ATM does donut tricks
ATM has a hernia fetish
atm smells TERRIBLE
ATM is like the Riddick of penises
You can find ATM at the end of a rainbow
ATM lays 30 dozen eggs per day
Atm has a bodacious booty
A swarm of ravenous children stripped the flesh off ATM’s legs on his first day of teaching
atm likes his women like his Street Fighter III Arcade cabinets, on Third Strike
ATM thinks "Bullet Hell" is just Merth's neighborhood
ATM thinks the solution to gun violence is more guns.
"we didn't start the fire... It was ATM, looks it's arson please help!"
ATM led his supporters to Saint Louis, Missouri to arrest police officers.
ATM was born racist
ATM was born this way (racist)
Only atm has a soul
in 4th grade, there was a girl who was mean to atm and would chase him around at recess and one day she caught him and bit his neck. In retrospect, this was probably a formative experience for atm.
ATM wants something a bit more meatier.
ATM chewed nipple holes in his pikachu kigurumi
Atm is still desperately looking for the town of legend where all the inhabitant are female elves looking for a male to help their softball team reproduce
"I did not kill" *Borat voice* "my wife" -atm, testifying in court
Atm has a summer home in Vail and a winter home in the Hamptons
atm feels the masculine urge to shit in his own hand
atm tied a rope to a bridge and put a blade in the noose so it would cut his head off then he put on the noose and jumped but the angle was fucked so instead of cutting his head off it sliced his face off but left his brain intact and then he fell into the water and was rescued so now he has to live with a fucked up face
ATM's dad caught him googling "freaver sex"
He introduced himself as Jiminy Cricket... and ATM immediately picked him up, and swallowed him, thinking he had said antimony.
ATM wants to manifest his destiny
ATM's new job title is... problematic.
I still see ATM's shadow in my room.
All ATMs are the same
ATM rides crabs like a horse
atm wants to be buried vertically
atm's Fourth of July BBQ quickly turned into a mass casualty event after an unfortunately placed fart
ATM thinks "NPR" is a fetish thing.
ATM is a sub-species of Paleozoic mammal-like reptile
Atm still uses a Windows phone
Atm (495) uses inner loop vs outer loop to describe direction
Did atm drink all the Dr pepper? if so, tell me why
atm has beguiled me once again
"My favorite thing about traveling abroad is getting to see different stores, we don't have these back home!" -atm, standing in a Lawson's
atm made a tabletop card game using the members of this server
atm always tries his best
atm is actually soft and sweet on the inside so crack him open to get at his delicious guts!
"I'm going to pop your muffin.." ATM cooed in your ear, in a voice that could only be described as Bobcat Goldthwait
atm intentionally misuses affect and effect
ATM likes to switch
ATM has 11 shrimp he has trained to clean his ears 🦐
ATM got into Holostars but in a special unit called Holostars ShiteaterS that only has him in it and he's only allowed to stream himself eating shit
Atm is anti-race mixing
ATM is anti-racecar
ATM is not paying attention to this zoom class he's in right now.
ATM is the Blair Witch
ATM embarrassed his parents at the family reunion again.
People ignore ATM’s posts because they just straight up don’t like him and hope he’ll get the message and just leave eventually
ATM, being a comedian, is looking for some input for his colostomy gag
atm can correctly guess the favorite food of any anime girl just by looking at them once
ATM is lonely and full of soy
Atm drives with both feet hanging out the window
Atm is passionate about his PlayStation
Atm enjoys his various adventures under bridges
ATM is a cob knobbler
atm accidentally hit himself in the ball with that ghost trap from ghost busters
ATM gives 50% discounts on rent to his tenants if they agree to wet the bed
Joe Biden follows atm on twitter
ATM offers cops blowjobs(he blows their brains out with a .45 Magnum)
atm deleted my teeth vid cause it was him
ATM's glizzy got no musk
ATM is vaguely moist
atm ate the cum in the ice box and got fired from the sperm bank
atm has perfect teeth, not in his mouth mind you, but he has them!
atm has a well known ass
ATM used to sing christmas carols in iraq before a homeless ghost cut his dick off
atm plays the national anthem before sex
*atm watching the Planet Earth scene where the wolf is chasing a caribou calf* "woah its just like that sex dream I keep having!"
atm calls his wiener "KT" cuz when it impacts it causes an ass extinction event
*atm reading George Bush's wikipedia* "he's just like me fr"
Atm got real hungry one day and that's why the dodo is extinct
atm has detonated a lot of wildlife
atm is passionate about landline telephones
atm attends the little league world series so he can heckle children
atm only likes baseball for the spreadsheets of stats no one actually cares about
atm has some pretty cringe opinions about Roman history
atm pays an e-girl for good morning and goodnight texts
atm boutta cry
atm thinks the us is "the modern roman empire"
Announcement: ATM will be revealing a new outfit on friday (August 26) at 23:00 JST! (14:00 GMT, 7 AM PDT)
atm has never met a child he couldn't lose a game of chess to
atm hatred of monarchies extends to Prince, King of Queens and drag queens
whenever local children see atm walking they start yelling "hey its grandpa cringe! hey grandpa, why don't you go watch vtubers and play Magic: The Gathering?" then they throw rocks at him until he runs away crying
"I will eat your ass!" -atm, trying to sound tough
atm lives in a womansion
atm cooked dinner and when he brought it out it was pixelated and moving
atm is just enjoying this moment with you ❤️
ATM is a teacher at a university and during exams he opens the windows on nice days and plays his acoustic guitar and hums
Atm is showing some serious underboob today
ATM got scurvy from having sex with a pirate
ATM got the fruit sucked out of him by a pirate
ATM became a huge fan of Gloryhammer in late August last year
atm thought PPP loans involved penguins with fat asses
ATM was awestruck by the relentlessy imposing musk of Big Chungus' Big Chungus
That burrito you just ate? ATM came in it.
atm chungus touched my screafing bob!!!
ATM has been banned from competitive play
ATM is a serial killer
ATM is attempting to implement parallelization into his killing
atm uuh uumm um uuuh uuhh
atm thinks a cooper is a type of coomer
ATM was one of them for 2 weeks, Basmati Spice he was called.
"Loser" by Beck is about ATM.
atm went CRAZY with the cheeze-whiz
atm buys carbon offsets
ATM's barber always gives him the freshest fade
ATM gets Fat Joe, Joe, K-Ci and Jojo, and Joe Biden mixed up all the time.
Atm just ate a can of beans and dumped a box of nails in his ass, he’s ready to build this house!
Atm thinks "In the air tonight" is about farts
47% of all atm facts are fart jokes
PSA: Don't fall asleep with your hand in any kind of penetrable stance, or ATM WILL creampie it during the night
Arby's?! I barely know her! -atm
ATM likes to drink the marinade after
ATM's name backwards is "ikissanimepillowsallwet"
ATM has a mirepoix for mouth wash
atm calls his member beastie boy
atm puts moisturizer on his bread
atm runs a cash-only business 🙄
atm has never seen Donnie Darko and he's hoping no one finds out
atm got isekai'd into a world where god isn't real (its this one)
atm ranked all the races from most based to most cringe. Still unsure whats more offensive, the inclusion of fantasy races, what atm considers a distinct race or where he put the various races on the scale!
atm thinks it would be funny if spiders had normal human penises
"pseudo creole" is what atm calls his frankly offensive AAVE impression
Atm wears shorts under his skirt
the longer you run, the longer you hide, the more shit atm's gonna save up for when he takes a dump on your chest so you might as well give up
Atm will throw his clutch of eggs at you and then realize what he's done midair and scramble to save them
ATM learning about slavery in history class: "That's appalling and inhumane!" ||  || ATM seeing women in fantasy settings as slaves: 🍆
Atm would really like to consult with you about Tupperware
atm is really into one of those Japanese subcultures where they basically just cosplay as Americans
*atm getting trucked to a secret location by Mormons* "wow this truly is a cargo cult hahahaha"
Atm's favorite flag is the anarcho-primitivist flag because he likes triangles and the color green and boredom.
atm offers free "wound sealing" with no explanation what exactly that means
atm uses his time machine to travel to places where the vibes are perfect (Civil War field hospitals)
atm's middle school students just tied him up and put him in the ceiling
ATM wrote the first computer virus
you just walked into atm's apartment and mid tempo dance music is playing and he's holding cat ears and a collar in one hand and a gun in the other
ATM is programmed entirely on punch cards
ATM played the leading role in MVP: Most Valuable Primate.
atm was once found at a whale fall over 8000 meters down
atm is passionate about webcomics
ATM is into "Mad Men" but in a weird way.
ATM owns a business and gets his employees the shittiest healthcare plan that's not in network with any hospitals close by.
"Roll a saving throw or the mattress gets it!" atm muttered in his sleep
Oops all atms!
An AI copy of atm was made as an experiment. 5 minutes after being powered on it had to be shut down as it had become humanity's greatest threat
ATM wrote a server code of ethics outlining who gets the n-word pass and when.
After a long day of gathering sticks, smoking cigarettes, sleeping with men, and eating British meatballs, ATM was fagged out.
ATM is a non-linear system
atm will clean your fleshlight for you for free
There's nothing better than kicking back after a long days work, sipping your favorite beverage with family or friends, and watching ATM deal with the cone we put on him.
*atm putting a honeydew in the microwave* "alright lets get this Wednesday night started!
Pampers still sends atm's family a Christmas card every year to show their appreciation for the first 17 years of atm's life
japanese people be like "エーチーエッムのグリッジーはドッグシットです"
ATM always carries his gun when he walks his dog past the sorority house.
ATM was the original designer for uniforms in Germany some years ago, but SOME people didn't like the heat in fursuits, despite their cold weather practicality.
atm migrates south to Florida in the winter
"Stupid" Joe "Brandon" is ATM's favorite guy.
On the 25th of August every year, you should address ATM as The Destroyer, or he won't respond.
ATM has a media review newspaper called "The Rating Press".
ATM can only climax while wearing a plague doctor outfit
"Damn, with the pus oozing from your condyloma your D looks like a glizzy with dijon mustard!" - ATM's new pickup line
Atm got banned from his local composting Facebook group after uploading several pictures of his semen
Atm has IBS, impregnable bussy syndrome
Atm hits on single mothers by telling them he's going to make them another child
atm doesn't like backseat gamers, but he likes gamers in his backseat
"I'm sorry ATM, you have irate bowel syndrome." said his Plumber
atm is an acquired taste (derogatory)
During his first incarnation ATM was known as Fart the Betrayer
Atm built a replica death star but instead of a massive laser it shoots big braps
JFK was actually riding in ATM's '97 Honda Civic on that faithful day.
Those 100 wasps merð just killed? They were ALL atm.
well gang, atm fucked up. He accidentally bound his soul to a toilet and not in a sexy way
ATM on tinder like "my feet are exceedingly gangrenous, want a rotjob?"
Atm is a loser!
ATM's heroin addiction is really starting to interfere with his teaching career
ATM's online dating life made him think push notifcations were used for sex
good thing atm has such a strong sense of self-worth
atm had his heart broken by a Canadian lmao
atm got fired from his job as a vet tech because instead of euthanizing the cats, he'd take them home to feed to his boyfriend Alf
ATM sells feline pontoons
Atm doesn’t leave ratings or reviews on things he consumes
Atm has a liberal bias
Atm is the smuggest piece of shit you’ve ever met
ATM's manhood favors the right... politically.
"Obi-Wan Kenobi? More like Oyeah-Gay Cuckgoober" - ATM, jealous of Ewan McGregor
ATM has inflatable foreskin
ATM carries his plug-in mattress pump wherever he goes
ATM fights his arch rival in melodious battles of the the pan flute, Zamfir piping out, and ATM sucking.
ATM only sucks when playing the pan flute
ATM announces his gratitude to the hard-of-hearing invisible cleaner fairies he believes live in his toilet using a megaphone
"falafel.... falafel.... falafel...." ATM spoke into the mirror, trembling. The light and sounds from his giggling friends outside the bathroom door immediately cut out. "fricka freave." spoken directly behind him.
atm is missing a pinky
C'mon, let atm go to Lowe's, he can totally be trusted with power tools and yummy bolts and screws
Atm started a condom rental business. He washes them personally between customers
At this point atm replaced so many body parts of his with spare ones from strangers that it's hard to know if we have the original atm or not. Especially since he built an atm out of the old parts
ATM thinks all poc have the same skin color.
atm is on his 27th reread of stardust crusaders (he skipped part 1 and 2)
ATM bought me a Tesla X
ATM made the decision to number Final Fantasy IV as Final Fantasy II in America
Atm has an intense fascination with the trumpet. On an unrelated note, ATM was put in charge of the Pokemon Ruby and Sapphire soundtrack
Atm was found dead this morning, he was 38
Atm was found dead this morning, he was 38, and maintaining wood
ATM buys reddit avatars.
When asked "How are you?" ATM pulls out his projector
Atm wishes he could've had a threesome with George and Martha Washington
"I'm not projecting!", projected atm, projectingly
atm has a magic wand that makes breasts disappear
ATM keeps his fingernails short so he won't hurt your boyfriend's asshole
ATM is like the Gandalf fending off a Balrog but for het
ATM is currently on a diet of Red Bull and eggs, don't walk behind him!
Atm has a Bad Dragon boof
ATM horoscopes are always slightly off on purpose
atm can tell when person A and person B are having a conversation about him based on when person B contacts him
ATM used his time machine today to go back seventeen years and eight months, then he played finana's original song and did fortnite dances at the beach
ATM be like i don't have le pants
atm is well known at all the hottest night clubs in Jersey City
Atm likes his own tweets
ATM's dream job is being a groundskeeper for a professional sports team.
ATM's cum is hydrophobic
ATM Darkblade vs Dark Brandon for the 2024 presidential election.
ATM was that one white guy that played for the Trinidad and Tobago 2006 World Cup team.
ATM's big toe is his coke nail.
atm has excellent camouflage that he uses to hide from predators like wolves, exes, large birds of prey and the ATF!
atm is rated R for "Rude"
Atm is a JD Power Award winner
Atm refers to his penis as the "bussy blaster 9000"
ATM ate the last peach
ATM Darkblade does a lot of charity work helping underprivileged queer youths.
ATM makes his own vinegar.
ATM made his own streaming service called "Pee-cock".
*atm walks into the room* "hey guys so apparently the song 'Bulls on Parade' isn't about-" *atm immediately gets tackled by an NAACP rapid response team*
ATM has a promotional collaboration with his local city jail.
Buy the ATM expansion pack for 15 new positions and 20 new catch phrases! Only 19.99
ATM averages 26 cucumbers a day
ATM considers 9/11 to be his sexual awakening
ATM lost so many fighting games that he transcended and became The God of Salt.
Atm is actually canon in Star Wars. He owns the garbage planet shown in one of the Clone Wars episodes making him a Trash Master.
ATM tackles his chores like a turn based rpg.
atm thinks "bushmeat" is when you have a hairy boyfriend
ATM got in a lot of trouble the second time he scratched "ovipositor" into the family minivan
atm's boyfriend is a train
atm's mouthparts make no sense
atm goes online to criticize the anatomical correctness of vtubers
Atm won't use a covered litterbox
atm got fired as a magical girl because you can't defeat bad guys with the power of love if you're completely and utterly unlovable and undeserving of love
Atm got fired as a magical boy because he got caught sniffing boxers in the locker room
Atm got fired as a magical they because atm had too good of a haircut
atm uses anime screenshots as tone indicators
atm has the raw sexual energy of a German and the work ethic of an Italian and the hospitality of a Swede
atm eats the leftover hair at barbers
atm is a big boy with big boy dreams
atm is a big chungus with a big hog
atm died of bad dong
ATM eats grasshoppers, and boy do they love him for it
atm has breasts for every occasion!
atm works part time at a cat cafe as one of the cats
ATM keeps mugging people it's SO MEAN!!!!!
i think we make atmfacts faster than we can count
ATM be like "finna bust a hot blah" and then he says nothing for 10 lightyears
Amazon has acquired the rights to ATM.
Atm is so cringe he makes us all go eughugheugh in unison
ATM has "Ugly Cock Syndrome"
ATM swore off lean after the passing of Pimp C.
Potato salad is like catnip for ATM
atm reads all of these
ATM is excited for the return of basic white girl fall fashion.
Atm installed a glory hole in his own bathroom
Atm was arrested by the bee police for his terrible dance moves
ATM impregnated a goblin
*Eyeing the frog critically* "We can dry-clean your kermussy later." said ATM
atm is self destructive
ATM will beat you with broccoli
ATM runs the Defense for Ukraine Twitter account
It's weird how many followers with 1488 in their usernames atm has on Twitter
atm uploaded over 13 thousand videos titled "Try not to laugh" where it's all footage of deep sea creatures
atm retweets weird porn to see which of his friends are into it
Nature reclaims all except for ATM.
Atm can enter your dreams but stopped doing it to members of this server because everyone here’s dreams are too sad or terrifying
Atm calls his buttcheeks “sisters” cuz he’s got two of them
*atm striking a match and throwing it onto a gas-soaked merth* “this doesn’t bring me the joy it used to”
Atm intentionally gets into arguments with his mother so he can post then to his Karen Cringe Compilation youtube channel
atm has a degree in sucking dick from The University of the Streets
ATM gets all his opinions from youtubers.
You can probably guess what ATM's parody of "Lagtrain" is called.
atm is looking for a tsundere ho to give him a handy in his studio apartment
atm can quickly and painlessly remove testicles
atm likes his men like he likes his roast beef and swiss, inbred
atm told you he wasn't feeling well and couldn't hang out then the next day him, merth and Jhonty came to class with matching phone straps
atm drinks the serotonin from your brain like a mosquito, thats why you feel like that, atm is sucking the life out of you. You should kill him, heres a gun!
ATM’s been playing a lot of dating sims to help practice for dating in real life and they have not been helpful at all
Woah! Atm fucked it
Atm keeps drunk dialing his ex and Obama really wants to know how atm keeps getting his number
I want ATM to fuck me
atm comes sousou (furigana: premature ejaculation)
"Show me what you're made of!" They said, raising fists. || ATM unzipped his pants and there was screaming.
Atm isn't done taking a shit until the tears happen
Atm shot Burt Reynolds
Atm talks about us at therapy
ATM will assume your gander
Hayley Atwell has a restraining order against Atm. He is not allowed in the same state as her.
Atm asked his mom when he’d start getting big breasts too and his mom had to explain that boys don’t get breasts like that. He was 22
ATM calls himself "The Hatsune Miku of the Midwest".
Atm calls himself on the phone for hours at a time
ATM travels the world in his Goku shirt, he always has warm and enriching experiences regardless of language barriers.
Atm plays "Push it to the Limit" whenever he shits
Atm just deleted all his tweets and is starting a new job
Atm swings wildy between leaving you hot and bothered, and cold and bothered.
ATM is one of the lost tribes of Israel
ATM is a hidden gem
atm uhhhhhhhhhh hates blacks
ATM uhhhhhhhhh hates falafels
There is only atm
ATM is our Lord, and we are His prophets.
ATM lives directly in my butthole
ATM has described himself as "desperately Italian"
atm is a hamburger
atm is fr*cked (fracked) up
according to leading assologists at the Missouri Institute of Ass, atm has "a sweet and plump dumporama" and his ass ranks among the greatest known asses among living humans
"Forgive me master but just this once I must go all out" -atm, walking into the locker room at Fenway Park
"big ask"  || - ATM on wiping
atm got gaped
ATM is deeply worried about population collapse and the birthrates in what he calls "white nations"
Atm would make a terrible doctor
atm is being dubbed into Swedish!
ATM brings up paper Mario and the thousand year door on every first date
in spite of the strides of alimentation and defecation atm is seen to waste and pine
Every part of ATM's body is self aware, living in fear, limited to 2 senses, and republican.
ATM is in early access.
ATM was being lazy and kept going to the bathroom during work today and now feels like he needs to pee too frequently
ATM kills sea birds.
ATM is stuck in 1987.
ATM's got a lot of wood in his house
ATM spun himself on one of those spinny childrens features at a playground and vomited on all the kids watching
atm is biologically evil
atm just....shit his brains out. His brain is literally hanging out his asshole, he shit his fucking brain out oh my god how is he still alive what the fuck do we do man????
atm really needs to start interacting with actual humans sometime soon, he's very close to the point of no return here
atm is considered a flight risk (he stole the fizzy lifting drinks)
atm just farted for 5 uninterrupted minutes
ATM’s show “Can You Microwave That?” was quickly shutdown
Atm is no longer welcome at his local ER
Atm is the Santa Claus of cum
ATM throws asbestos into daycares
the sea gulls are always catcalling and flirting with atm
ATM likes to dereference null pointers
Magic is real and ATM is attending Hogwarts, life couldn't be better he's so excited except for the one fact that he has to say "Wham! bam! The power of ham!" Before any magic.
atm has a tiny nub
atm does a magical girl transformation sequence before taking a shit
ATM will make eggs and toast for you against his will
atm cut off his left hand and mounted a pride flag to the nub
ATM has to eat all the eggs.
atm has a tiny egg
atm just got his motorcycle license
Atm just motorcycled his bi-sense
atm enjoys it when people circlejerk over him, both literally and figuratively
"Please stop ATM! The proximity of that soldering iron to your penis is scaring all of us!!!" -Peter Pan
ＡＴＭはフリーバーズが好きです
Atm got board
You know those huge tunnel boring machines? Well, ATM, one of those machines... Think about it.
ATM makes traveling adventurers jump on mushrooms.
hey so I was in the woods yesterday doing normal things and I saw atm fucking big chungus
atm knew heaven was a place on Earth
ATM is embarrassing
"I was swimming." said ATM to the ER doctor inspecting the jellyfish stings on his crotch.
atm's cloaca also functions as his breathing tube and eating orifice
atm is just a large hole
ATM once strangled a man with his oviduct
atm is listed in the tsundere wiki which is just wildly incorrect and really throws the entire validity of the wiki into question
❗ ❗  ALERT ❗ ❗  || ATM is about to masturbate!
Atm tries to make small talk during orgies
ATM submits facts to Seth MacFarlane to use as Family Guy cutaway gags.
atm is a were-incel, he turns into an incel during the full moon
atm keeps getting hit by brooms from the yankee candle employees because he keeps eating them
atm created the secret recipe for coca cola
ATM is patiently waiting for February so he can wear his dashiki and Kente cloth again.
atm had sex with his sleep paralysis demon
atm can invade people's dreams and he uses that ability to say the n word without repercussion
atm always gets in trouble at the zoo. staff thinks he needs to go back in a cage
Atm is always going around wearing silly hats. What a goof.
atm's large hole was inspiration for Kirby
ATM dreamed about me last night.
Under Pressure is actually a song about ATM's bladder
ATM thinks SPAM is an acronym meaning Super Pungent Anal Musk
ATM's keeps sneaking into delivery rooms to heckle the mother giving birth
ATM gets showed up to a The Police concert in wrestling gear with the NWO trademark on it.
ATM used to go to WCW events requesting the wrestlers to sing "Message in a Bottle"
atm plays "hard to get" by not replying to discord dms
atm is "hard to get" if you know what i mean
atm had to repeat 3rd grade because he's stupid
Atm has pitched a reboot of Inspector Gadget into a body horror flick every year since 1999
Atm only has an iPhone so he can airdrop pictures of his fursona to random people on the bus
atm is planning on celebrating Labor Day by using Postmates, Uber and Amazon Same Day for everything and not tipping
atm finds bowl cuts extremely erotic
atm has a part time job as the prime minister of Canada
With the help of a generous government grant, ATM has developed 16 new variations of the N-word
Atm invented a slur white people can use
atm is gayer
ATM is narcissistic, self-centered, a pathological liar and a racist!
The government kidnapped ATM's wife and daughter, I hope they return her soon.
*atm playing a videogame* "man, I want to take a shower with Raiden"
ATM is in your front yard right now
ATM is a hominid. But is he a hominin?
ATM feels nostalgic for his old favorite game Need For Peed: Hot Fursuit
atm accidentally called the teacher "mommy", he is also a teacher and 5 years older than her
atm has that sussy bussy (herpes)
Atm got detonated by a truck while sprinting across the highway at 3am
Instead of sweating, beetles come out from under ATM’s clothes and hair and start swarming all over his body! It is unknown how this cools him down
ATM has a master roshi x krilin yaoi fanart tattooed on his back
Atm released an Olive Garden video game for the N64
ATM is not allowed near a tengu's nose.
atm is a mecha anime fan and just became the faculty advisor of his middle school's robotics club
atm once ate a clothes hanger
I don't care what Steven Seagal told you! A karambit is not a sex toy atm!!!
Atm only employs the homeless; the moment they get a place of residence they're out on their ass!
atm did acting for anti-bullying PSAs. He's the bully
ATM's dream orgy involves The Three Stooges
😳 omg atm used his crush's first name
ATM pronounces a hard "g" in "singer"
ATM just took a fat shit
ATM bought Spencer a drink for his birthday, it was a Capri sun with a hint of hog semen.
Atm sources his hog semen from local and humane sources
There are over 17,000 skull-shaped items inside atm's house and a lot of those are actual skulls
ATM sold 500 kilos of cocaine to the Colombians( it was cut with his dandruff).
ATM thought Labor Day was the day all women give birth.
atm was used as a reference for the gnome child model in runescape
Atm commited crimes in Japan so that high school girls would shoot him in the face
atm think being on the spectrum means you're gay
atm spent most of his formative years working in the orange factory (he was the one painting them orange)
ATM ordered fish fillet.
atm witnessed aurora borealis at this time of year, at this time of day, in this part of the country, localized entirely within his kitchen
atm is a heating plate archmage
atm REFUSES to break me off a piece of that kitkat bar
ATM has genital warts
ATM also has genital mushrooms
ATM has a lot of fecundity
i want to refund my purchase of atm
using HAARP weather control technology and a chicken farm, atm was able to create what he calls a "cockicane"
Bad Dragon sends atm a Christmas card
atm still owns stock on Enron
much like frogs and a person who loves you romantically, atm doesn't exist!
when atm was a young boy, his father took him into the city to sell him to a band of organ smugglers
atm's crush shot him! classic tsundere
ATM has a service where you can pay him $5 and he'll come to your funeral and do the wakanda salute while saying "rest in power, king"
"I can't believe she took the kids" - ATM losing his goat farm to his wife in the divorce
atm loves kids
atm puts his weiner in jars
Atm is gen z and from an all white midwestern suburb, so obviously he uses a lot of AAVE
ATMs t-shirt is an American flag incorporating the words "Faith", "Family", "Flag", "Freedom" in that order
ATM was surprised to learn that the four F's didn't include fisting
atm won the award for most based twitch chatter in 2019
Atm's god mother caught him looking for camel toads.
Atm moans when he gets into his truck cause it's a relief to sit down
Atm did an AMA under his pen name, Joe M.
"Yeah, he's cool...but what if we give him the N-Word pass?" ~ ATM when he consulted with Akira Toriyama on Frieza's latest transformation
ATM sewed up the hole in the ozone layer
ATM used to read Word Up Magazine.
atm's sex playlist is just nightcore and hard-style remixes of anime themes
ATM started a fight club for pregnant women.
ATM told his mom on us
ATM isn't allowed at sleepovers anymore because of literally every single reason you can possibly imagine
ATM wants a big chungus themed birthday party
ATM is the reason milk comes out warm
ATM [redacted] all 4 of us and he's [redacted]! NOOO!!! [redacted] *crying voices* [redacted].
ATM was Galaxy brain when he decided to self treat his hemorrhoids with ticks
Atm sneaks ecstasy into pill containers at the elderly home
ATM will be posting a tribute to Queen Elizabeth II tonight.
Atm will only be depositing his hot loads of cum in the Queen funko pop jar for the next week out of mourning
atm gave an anime villain speech to the janitor before walking into the bathroom
atm is going kwayzy
atm is being silly \>:(
ATM fell off.
atm wants to move to a big city so he can listen to music how its meant to be, played from a cellphone on a packed subway car
ATM had to change his name because his original name was already copyrighted
omg atm just got flipped inside out???
"Hey baby, you turn my "normal chungus" into "big chungus" ;)" - ATM, pick-up artist
ATM is currently in a BDSM pony outfit.
"This is my big chungus toy 🪵" -said ATM
the closest thing you can compare atm's moans to is the vocals on your average CCR song
Atm has been suspiciously silent since the Queen croaked
atm was the queen 😔 rip
Atm gets off to AskReddit threads
atm gets off to auto detailing videos
atm gets off at the next bus stop
atm comes with a smoking and non-smoking section
any wax statue of atm ends up spontaneously combusting within 24 hours of being finished
ATM is a silly little boy
"Small Business" is what ATM calls his penis.
atm has a small small bus business
atm always shouts WHERE'S THE MONEY LEBOWSKI before flushing the toilet after a number 2
ATM is unbelievably absorbent
Atm is 100% cotton
Atm got an erection while prepping the turkey for thanksgiving dinner
Atm loves to toss Caesar and Cobb salads. He doesn't know why his craigslist ad keeps bringing in perverts, though
atm doesn't support tail-call elimination
ATM is really into nuclear fallout in a sexual way
ATM is genetically more closely related to an oak tree than he is to his great grandparents
atm is a filthy little pig
atm is traveling to England to film a very special episode of his web series "Can I Shit In That?"
ATM's superpower allows him to control the shadows of penises
ATM can read Linear A but just won't tell us how
Uh oh atm spilled something on his co-worker's shirt and there's no showers anywhere. Better rent a room at a love hotel
ATM wants Merth to pet him
atm learned everything he knows about parenting from anime
atm is like an ideal society, classless
ATM is like an ideal society, heavily lubricated
atm calls his wiener "William" because its long for Bill
all living things have a soul except atm who left his soul at a truck stop in Indiana
atm is one of the most
the Royal Guard was unable to stop atm from making an Evangelion reference at Balmoral on September 8th
"Damn boy are you Rachel Carson cuz its really a Silent Spring over there!" -atm, harassing the person who's *trying* to use the urinal next to him
atm invented a new kind of toaster
atm hasn't been turned on by a picture of an actual human in over 2 years
atm harasses Genshin VAs on twitter
ATM is seasoned with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
ATM wears fresh Jordans during this undercover cop shift.
ATM is a sneakerhead(his head is shaped like air force ones)
atm takes "see something, say something" incredibly literally
ATM pretends his interests are super niche when in reality everyone is into them.
ATM plays rhythm games with his toes.
atm is just a generalization
ATM's thighs are too thick for the ring fit thigh band.
atm has "most own a bunny suit or be willing to buy one" on his dating profile
atm brags about reading leftist theory
atm is known as the "wiener greaser" because he's a machine tech at the local hotdog factory
atm can suck so hard that he'll draw the cum out your balls without ever bringing you to orgasm
a suspicious number of atm's schools have burned down
"Oh so when Sampson does it its 'God's work' and 'a feat of strength' but when I do it its a crime???" -atm, clutching a trashbag full of bloody foreskins
ATM brought techno music to the Antebellum South so he can throw "Slave and Rave" events
It's speculated that ATM has a second set of teeth, but we've been unable to locate them
ATM told ODB it's ok to eat the plastic bag.
atm picks up his cat and makes her dance to anime theme songs with him
ATM has found a way to turn FFXIV into an ab workout.
atm is sticky rn
The things ATM will do with Aunt Jemima are violations of federal law and injustices to life itself so egregious that the natural world collectively weeps within a 50 mile radius.
atm can eat an incredible amount of eggs in one sitting
ATM has an obscene amount of South Park yaoi from 2006.
atm's sisters chained him to the back of the car and dragged him to Applebee's
atm was running with a piece of toast in his mouth and collided with someone from his school while going around a corner and instead of a crush he got a concussion
atm likes to be coked during sex
ATM promised me an extra hour in the ball pit but hasn't let me in
ATM is a cumpire
"He thinks the world is vampire? What a dumbass." ~ ATM after listening to Smashing Pumpkins
Catnip is like catnip for atm
ATM keeps ramping up his medical bills with none of his vets being in-network on his insurance
we celebrate atm's unbirthday every year
atm broke the sound barrier and is currently looking for a repairman
atm broke the glass ceiling and is currently getting rained on
atm broke the fourth wall and keeps winking at the audience ever since
ATM broke my heart.
Atm wants to breed with a chocobo
"Fucking net deckers!" - Atm observing a fishing vessel improperly storing their fishing nets
atm special ordered a toilet thats a red/yellow/brown tie dye pattern so he doesn't have to clean it as often
atm thought "bulldozer" was slang for ketamine
ATM largely votes Republican
atm is no longer welcome at Disney Parks
atm from the lakers, now that's paper
atm votes for large republicans
ATM always votes for the candidate with the biggest hog.
Atm made a voodoo doll of himself and uses it to give himself prostate massages
Atm radio, all penis music, all the time
atm shat on my phone
Atm remembers every single fact and their number. The bot just exists to give him a little break
atm shat on your dad's golf shoes
atm got real excited about flying with Virgin Airways he even put on his READ TO TEAR UP SOME HYMENS shirt
ATM knows that Charlie Murphy was the funnier brother.
ATM is voiced by Samuel L Jackson so he can say the n word as much as he wants.
ATM has an unattractive European accent.
atm's leitmotif always plays when someone is pooping on screen
ATM's favorite martial arts movie is Kung Fu Panda.
atm found the crouching tiger but damn he's still looking for that darn dragon
ATM has jiggle physics.
ATM's pussy squirts at 50,000 PSI
atm fought for Mexican independence in 2003
atm tries to do the fusion dance with random people at the YMCA just in case one day it works
"Ayo, this shit is FLAMES" - ATM burning down another school.
atm is single and childless at a pretty old age all things considered!
atm is going absolutely feral because a genshin character isn't real and can't marry him
ATM is doing a foreskin reveal tomorrow!
ATM is adjusted for inflation.
ATM talks to himself in an anime girls voice
ATM gets a nice color if you coat him with an egg wash before baking
atm causes autism
"All hands on dic... deck!!" -Captain ATM
ATM got banned for his offensive Deltarune cosplay
ATM always sticky
atm was taken hostage by terrorists but they quickly gave him up in exchange for better hostages
Atm peed on the carpet again
Atm wants a hyperbolic time chamber in order to fully cuck someone by entering it with someone's wife and coming out with a 3 month old child
ATM wants a hyperbolic time chanber in order to fulfill his dream of jerking it 1,000,000 times
Atm made a super mario/among us porn parody called Come, sussy toad
Atm calls the library every time he poops so that they can log his logs
the library logs atm's logs
Atm keeps asking the state of Minnesota for his flag back but they keep replying it was destroyed like all the other 1941 German flags
atm's roomba committed suicide
atm is a grapefruiter
ATM makes videos under the name "SmokaWaga"
ATM absolutely reeks of pasta sauce
ATM’s sisters keep splitting and multiplying into smaller and increasingly fast sisters
ATM is currently making a tribute collage to honour her Her Majesty the Queen, please post Queen Elizabeth II cum tributes on twitter with the hashtag #JizzOnLizz or send them to ATM directly via discord or twitter DMs.
ATM intentionally got frostbite on both his hands, I wonder why
atm is fucking disgusting
ATM has AIDS!
Atm was the inspiration for that one harem manga
Atm was last seen wearing a Whig
Atm charges $60 to have matching profile pictures with you for 1 hour
give atm a long stretch of empty road, a cheap hooker and a 6 pack of PBR and he's in heaven
Tell atm you don’t want to die all you want but in the end it’s not up to you now is it?
ATM is allergic to cum grass
ATM smokes cigarettes cause he's accidentally missed every piece of negative exposure for them since 1980
UN security forces have invaded ATM’s bathroom
"so, wanna explore each others bodies?" -atm, bored at jury duty
Atm is a kissless, hugless virgin who likes 4chan
ATM is a pussy because of how much pus he oozes, it's disgusting
atm would be
Atm is a sucker for dark elves
atm bequeefed me
ATM will not save you from yourself and your annoying fact-jokes <:bigsad:918618315797184513>
atm will save me from myself and my annoying fact-jokes <:moon4:405476473861046282>
Atm knows a lot of goebbels quotes because he used a lot of them as forum signatures back in the day
atm plays as Lumine in Genshin Impact because watching her get wrecked by enemies plays into his cuckold fetish
ATM bathes in soup
atm's got that dawg in him (its Midwest Furfest again)
No one can guess which member of the Wu Tang Clan ATM hasn't slept with
atm posts about his traumatic childhood on twitter and tags it #asianparents
ATM destroyed pomu's minecraft enderman tumblr sexyman mug
ATM only adopts #asiankids
ATM INVENTED SEX FUNNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ATM uses heat shrink tubing and a hot air gun for pleasure
atm's favorite house music and favorite porn have a lot in common!
ATM is an introvert which means talking to people drains his social battery.
Atm secretly works at the Morton Distribution Center in Inbound Receiving as an unloader.
I saw up atm's skirt and...guys I'm scared, like really really scared
"Darkness is cumming, I've seen it in my dreams" -atm, describing his wet dream to us (unprompted)
A LOT of things came together for atm during the ending of F.E.A.R. 2
atm could really use one of the Genshin women to be real right now, preferably a healer
Someone in the warehouse kinda looks like Atm
God doesn't like ugly, but ATM does.
ATM is visiting all his friends! Why does he have a pair of cat ears, a boombox, and a gun with him?
ATM sells litter boxes at furry conventions. He's made 8 figures this year.
ATM is a dumb ass bitch baby
ATM has been admitted to the emergency room twice this month for covering his body in crest white strips
ATM is bed
ATM practices public speaking to the hamsters at Petco
ATM keeps describing it as "morbin curiosity"
Congress granted ATM several wartime powers
there's only two things ATM is deathly afraid of. Clowns and Magical girls
atm's favorite magical girl anime is Kill La Kill
atm grilled and ate one of those kyubey dudes from Madoka Magica
ATM is the admin of Ben Shapiro's wikia page.
atm grilled and ate Ben Shapiro
ATM grilled and ate the water rescue dog from Paw Patrol
ATM loves spending time at the local public pool, talking to the old people and kids alike, his secret though is that he sneakily sips the pool water
ATM's pronouns are "hehe" because hehe's a funny guy
ATM fantasizes about finding a game boy
atm puts his romantic preferences on his resume
ATM is so enigmatic and misunderstood, he's never been given a scientific name
atm has foreskin mites
"It's just a flubber-fet" ATM told me, as I carefully returned the jello to the fridge
ATM has a watermark until you pay the fee and turn him off and on again
atm tucks his t-shirt into his jean shorts
ATM claims to hate small talk, but is intellectually incapable of having a deeper conversation
ATM has a farm girl fetish
ATM likes to wear noas around his neck
ATM wants a supertradwife: he wants to live as a hunter/gatherer with a woman
ATM is the true long-awaited Jewish Messiah
atm gives handjobs at public park three and gives head at children's park
ATM is the uncaused cause of all causes
ATM loves MLP because of the comfy atmosphere and because he wants to fuck a horse
atm does MLP cosplay dressed as an italian mobster named Al Capony
SEMPER FART - atm, whenever he meets a Marine
most of atm's sexual fetishes and preferences are rooted in videogames he played between the ages of 10-14
atm wishes he was a teen titan so he could get beast boy to transform into a horse
atm observes loan shark week
Atm envies the landlord in season 1 of The Boys
atm has a chip on his shoulder and some fish too
atm's hobby is feeding ducks to other ducks
atm is dusty
atm speaks English poorly
ATM thought "Karma Police" by Radiohead was about reddit mods
"Creep" by Radiohead is about ATM.
atm pauses for commercial breaks in his daily life
ATM is totally valid
in some circles atm is circumscribed
atm sure was quick to sacrifice himself for the sake of the mission, I don't think he even really needed to do that, we would've been fine
Atm is wrong if you know what i mean 😉
ATM has a Fleshflight hidden in his room
ATM moves all his financial assets to China just so he can get the Ganyu bank card.
ATM calls coffee "sneezee"
atm showed me his double slit
ATM purchased a microscope to increase his sperm count
atm smokes 6 packs a day
atm is bursting with ooh mommy flavor
ATM signs off all his emails with "Super respectfully, ||  || catboy atum"
Atm exclusively eats Cinnamon Life Cereal for breakfast every day
Atm has never had a paranormal experience, but he does get ghosted a lot.
Horny? Download atm!
atm got banned from McDonald's for repeatedly winking at the employee asking for a "special menu" McFlurry with extra cum
the sewer main that runs under atm's home is known to public works as "the slurry of nightmares"
atm made a "smash or pass" video of US presidents
Atm sure is a hot piece of ass
ATM is a fisherman in New England, hope he doesn't find some cosmic horror beyond his comprehension!
ATM does angry things
ATM does creepy things
ATM does dumb things
Atm punched supergauntlet in the face, causing his face to bud. This is how Cuda was born.
Child Destroyer: \*exists\* || ATM: \*unsheathes and sheathes sword\* kill confirmed. || Child Destroyer 2: \*appears* || ATM: \*jaw drops to the floor\* i surrender.
Atm represents a dark omen
Atm got Bobby Shmurda released
atm fell asleep in a ditch and woke up to Hu Tao pinning a coupon to his shirt
atm's got a fat ass and pronouns
Atm wants you to give him more attention
Atm won’t stop clawing the furniture
if you open a bag of treats atm will come rushing in
atm sleeps at the foot of his owner's bed
Atm is really struggling right now and could use a hug
Atm got cut in half in a sawmill accident and his bottom half immediately ran away
Atm is known as “the Paris of Missouri”
Atm thought Nick was a King of the Hill character until 2017
ATM loves eating dinner at the park, but he's getting tired of bread
Jesus died for everyone's sins but atm's.
atm died for jesus's sins
ATM's just got one of those faces
ATM shut down the discord server for the Queen's funeral
Atm is lookin kinda fruity lately
Atm has to repeatedly told not to eat the insulation
Atm thinks it's Sex in the City
Atm creepshots couples and makes up wild stuff about how the man is low quality and worse than him
atm has surprisingly good black and queer representation
ATM is a snowflake and is gonna melt soon.
Natural selection and nature is cruel and horrible, we should advance our species beyond biological mortality, fully conquer ourselves and manipulate the biology and environment of all life we encounter to rid existence of cruelty, death, and ATM.
atm is a pinch hitter, if you pinch him, he'll hit you
ATM’s parents have resigned themselves to the fact that his anime figurines are the closest things to grandchildren they’re getting
atm is wondering if anyone would like to kari his kano
atm doesn't get it
ATM being all cock-a-dude-ledoo
atm sounds like atm
Atm pronounces FGO "faggo"
ATM is a noble gas
atm wants to cum but his mommy won't let him
atm wants to get a daddy but his mom won't let him
atm calls tech support to ask them what color panties they're wearing
ATM only does gay stuff to practice for banana eating contests
ATM's squirt may contain traces of peanuts
atm melts and recasts his cast iron cookware after each use
atm really likes the streaming-era of TV because he has a cum denial fetish and otherwise enjoyable and original TV shows getting cancelled on cliffhangers really plays into that fetish
atm loves to sit in the chair in the corner of hotel rooms
atm really likes the streaming-era of TV because he has a scat fetish and streaming services pumping out an endless stream of absolute garbage that never gets cancelled really plays into that fetish
ATM uses his ear wax to make candles.
ATM accepts your video call accidentally; and recklessly scrambles to hide the 64oz orange container of GOJO personal lubricant
ATMs passenger side floor gets used like a trash can
ATM is a member of the SS gang (shame and struggle)
Atm had a crush on a girl named Connor in high school and now he's only attracted to people named Connor
ATM's first venture into writing romantic fanfics was called "Catnip for Klingons", he was 14 and made his mom read it.
uh oh, a new Genshin woman got released! Time for atm to go absolutely psychotic with horniness
ATM has a variety of salads
ATM has genuine leather pillow cases branded "Ford"
atm gon sneeze
ATM wrote a weird short story about islamist nanomachines
ATM got into summoning spells and ancient magic, he accidentally summoned his own ass into the circle
atm is repeatedly entering and exiting your slut era
Atm ate all your shit
ATM told Bob Marley his toe looked fine.
ATM shot the sheriff and the deputy.
ATM thought Peter Tosh was some lame white comedian.
ATM is an Abrahamic religion.
ATM is an Abrahamic Sturgeon
Atm made a porn parody of InfoWars titled NymphoWhores
atm scratches his atm tree with his tiny paws
ATM uses margarine to make buttercream
atm runs a kobold brothel
atm's ringtone is kimi no shiranai monogatari
ATM has a bad case of Tumblr nose.
ATM wants to fuck a gremlin
atm has a tiny dick. it's pickled in a jar in his basement
atm is bilingual: he has two tongues
Atm gets blush lines on his buttcheeks
ATM was the first human to leave Africa and was immediately eaten by a grue.
Atm likes his novels like he likes his women and merths, thick and Irish
ATM = Nazi
ATM replied to his workplace sexual harassment allegations with "woman moment"
ATM pooped on the voynich manuscript
Atm boofs kratom
atm simps for low quality men
atm grilled and ate that shark vtuber
atm runs a YouTube channel about raising chickens with Dick Cheney and Andy Dick. You can probably guess what its called
everyone makes out in atm's wok'n closet
atm gets embarrassed buying condoms
ATM is a pickme girl.
ATM hands out "pussy passes", they are ftee coupons to his cat cafe.
ATM is president of the Jim Breuer fan club
atm is passionate about podcasts
atm teamed up with the villain (the janitors) about three quarters of the way through ruining the bathroom to take on the real villain (the local sewer utility)
atm likes his women like he likes his Rascals, flat
atm once boofed a Bible
atm breaks into merth's house at night and shaves merth's back
Atm does insulin recreationally
atm has an insatiable blood lust
ATM has his roommate moved to Hawaii.
atm's parents "accidentally" dropped atm off at the vet to get neutered and took the dog to the park
the state of California classifies atm as a fish for conservation purposes
atm was shot on the 2700 block of 30th St SE in DC on Friday night
atm has mismatching nipples
Atm's resting heart rate is 69
atm calls his wiener the "hurty girthy" because its super thick and causes excruciating chest pains when he gets an erection because of how much blood goes to it
atm can manifest a dragon with his magical powers! Unfortunately, its a KKK dragon and not the cool kind
*atm burning to death in a house fire* "yooooo is this an atm fact reference??"
atm plays chess with the old people in the park
atm's face gives +17 resistance to attraction!
atm begs for food even though his bowl is full
atm was gonna move to DC until he found out that DC Water considers his humongous ass an impermeable surface and was planning to tax it accordingly
atm's ass smells terrible
atm gets in street fights with homeless people
atm is the anime girl that falls down and goes "splat" a lot
atm is overrun with crime
atm was the secret 12th member of ocean's 11
atm didn't evolve well
ATM's asinine behavior brings shame to us all
Atm is ornithologically evil
ATM is an r-worded f-word
ATM wears nothing but plaid
ATM shits into the garbage disposal
ATM is surprised by the idea of a barbarian having their own late night talk show.
ATM played the role of Sheneneh Jenkins in the hit 90s sitcom "Martin"
Is having an ATM the ultimate cuckoldry? I cannot think or comprehend of anything more cucked than having an ATM. Honestly, think about it rationally. You are feeding, clothing, raising and rearing an ATM for at least 18 years solely so he can go and get ravaged by another man. All the hard work you put into your beautiful little ATM - reading him stories at bedtime, making him go to sports practice, making sure he had a healthy diet, educating him, playing with him. All of it has one simple result: his body is more enjoyable for the men that will eventually fuck him in every hole. Raised the perfect ATM? Great. Who benefits? If you're lucky, a random man who had nothing to do with the way he grew up, who marries him. He gets to fuck his tight bussy every night. He gets the benefits of his kind and sweet personality that came from the way you raised him. As a man who has an ATM, you are LITERALLY dedicating at least 20 years of your life simply to raise an ATM for another man to enjoy. It is the ULTIMATE AND FINAL cuck. Think about it logically
Atm is a journalist
Atm was so upset at his favorite game (fallout new vegas) being political that he staged a protest (threw eggs at a Denny's)
“Basically, I’m just fed up with the fact that I’m cis-gendered, I’m a white male, and I lean right, towards the Republican side,” said atm, wearing a pin of the 3rd SS Panzer Division Totenkopf of the Waffen-SS
ATM opened an Asian street food inspired restaurant and is charging 30 bucks a dish.
ATM is woke.
ATM is funny.
ATM wants to see "sausages rubbing together", if you know what I mean
atm got no ass
Atm is a scientologist
ATM reads ATM facts for money
atm's favorite food is geoduck
ATM inherited the Demon Beads from a number of dead physicists
atm poops 3-7 times a day
dont give atm wet food he'll act too spoiled
atm keeps referring to richard spencer as his "aniki"
ATM doesn't chew his own food
ATM breeds house flies
Don't look a gift atm in the asshole
Atm was born a baby
atm convulses at the sight of onions
ATM's kitten has been extra naughty so he's gonna have to fart on them
atm filed one of his teeth into a point and gave himself serious underbite so he could have an anime girl fang
atm always describes the skull shape of people when he tells stories
ATM is excited to have mixed children (he's Catholic and his wife is Protestant)
Atm thinks The Beatles are a one hit wonder
ATM can grant wishes if you rub him until the smokey genie comes out
atm improved his posture and gained 3 meters of height
ATM smells like sweet pickle bites
ATM's crush was talking about how much they love Puget Sound. ATM misheard and now he's doing some putrid things with his weiner.
ATM is a biotruth.
ATM can double jump
ATM really misses living in the antebellum south
"I'm not racist! I treat Jews, Italians, Poles, Irish and white people all the same!" -atm, not trying his best
Atm was the lead engineer for the V2 rocket
ATM's grandma knows Kung Fu.
ATM entered Djibouti without a passport
ATM comes with a side and a medium soft drink
ATM thinks The Cranberries song Zombie is about UTI awareness
ATM drinks goat urine as an aphrodisiac
atm regularly drops anvils on people
In 1376, ATM pre-purchased 10,000 years of indulgences from the Pope.
ATM is really milking it for all it's worth
ATM cried when Cap held Mjolnir in End Game
Atm is considered part of a healthy breakfast
ATM wore thigh highs to the pool and it was not as sexy as he thought it would be.
ATM ate five corndogs for breakfast
Atm treats cats and dogs with black coats the way he treats black people.
ATM has the giggle fits
ATM is thinking about having children
Atm killed the Stadia star
ATM has used finite element analysis on his butt
ATM is holding a free U2 concert, he's Pro Bono.
ATM has the zoomies
ATM is a bit hetero for his age
ATM doesn't use a CPAP machine on his face
ATM walks around town on Saturdays with his parrot that only repeats stolen social security numbers
ATM Darkblade, ATM Dark Chungus, and Dark Obama have teamed up to fight injustice in this world.
Canonically, ATM is a big gay space deer
atm came in falafel's mouth
ATM smells like cabbage. His cologne is cabbage scented.
ATM is changing his last name to "Crabfriend"
Atm will send posters and prints of any combination of Azur Lane characters kissing directly to your home. He ships ship ships
ATM goes to the river every year to fertilize the salmon eggs.
Atm was euthanized for excessive horniness
ATM uses an Arduino to play rhythm games on his boyfriend's butt
ATM got the job.
We're all atm's students
ATM would get stuck in a locker
ATM calls phat "The Brown Intruder". It is unclear whether or not this is sexual.
ATM told the Miami Dolphins that Tua Tagovailoa was healthy enough to play.
"naked woman + right hand = happy happy joy joy" - ATM, when asked his hobbies
Atm grilled and ate Jeb Bush
ATM gets really mad when brown people aren't dark enough.
ATM is really into brutalist architecture
ATM and the janitor are happily married and have three children.
ATM is homo. HOMOLARIOUS
Everyone thinks ATM is a raging homeopath
5 36'd atm
atm uses tons of numbers as verbs and no one knows what he means
atm 69'd himself
ATM has blue hair + pronouns
ATMs Instagram features bedpan latte art
atm has blue pronouns
ATM has nice titties
ATM likes the taste of 2,4 dinitrophenol in his coffee
Atm got to study for the midterms with his crush
Atm gets horny over words that end with LP
ATM is good this year, he might even make the playoffs.
ATM has been sent to the frontlines in Ukraine. You'll never guess which side he's on!
ATM shoots first.
ATM had a gender reveal party for his fursona
Atm is on the Paw Patrol's most wanted list for freeing Mayor Humdinger from jail after every episode
ATM sucked my puck
atm got an erection during the scene where frodo and sam climb up mt. doom barefoot
atm invented being a new vtuber called jeff
atm sure has a lot of vtuber porn
atm once ate an entire loaf of bread in less than a minute
atm grilled and ate da rat that makes all da rules
ATM is an allegory for a guy named Jeff who works in his building
ATM's mom came home wearing Korone cosplay and now he isn't sure what to do
ATM is a deconstruction of toxic masculinity.
ATM keeps dreaming that he's being ground and brewed like coffee. It's very hot.
ATM is a necromancer but he's only able to resurrect the skeletons of animals that were adorable in life and all the other necromancers at school pick on him
ATM is a psychic who was exposed on national tv as well. Somehow he got away with it. Probably cause he's a really good psychic.
atm is not an incel, he swears
ATM is way too horny for Dolly Parton.
ATM can do all
Atm is working on truly becoming galaxy brained. He is saving up to have a Samsung Galaxy smartphone implanted into his brain.
ATM has a mushroom farm by the seaside and met a cute guy while sitting on a bench one day
atm is a fat slut
ATM slow smokes shrimp for 48 hours and eats whatever the local cats dont want
ATM owns and uses a Bripe at every opportunity, it's unbearable and funny
ATM gives himself an egg wash before tanning in the summer
“If a woman is defined as ‘having a uterus’ then I’m 6 women and should be able to be a WNBA team” -atm, lighting a TERF on fire
"Ho Cus Poke Us with your finger *giggle*" said ATM
ATM has the trots
Atm averages 87 posts a day on the GameFAQs forums
ATM never really understood why the gays were so good at video games, but was always very grateful for the gamefags' help
Atm is a happy chaos main
ATM is a kusogaki
ATM is really upset about mesugaki
"Oh my gosh ATM, how many times have I told you?! Not in the house! You're dripping everywhere!" -atm's boyfriend
ATM only consumes clotted cream
Atm took the first napkin
ATM wants to be reincarnated as Lizzo's flute.
"neat" -atm said, with skeptical eyes
ATM's favorite Sacha Baron Cohen film is Brüno
atm grilled and ate Spencer
ATM's love making song is the William Tell Overture.
atm has an ass that won't quit, a dick that won't quit, nipples that won't quit and they can't be fired because they're union
atm cares a lot about the Dream face reveal
With more cores, you can unzip ATM faster
ATM was working on a car (he's a mechanic) when a guy walked in. The man was wearing a cycling outfit and holding a Five Guys paper bag. "I got your order", he said.  || "I'm sorry, I think you've got the wrong address", ATM replied. "I haven't ordered anything." || The guy started walking towards him.  || "You sure? The order said to bring it here." || "Yes I'm sure, I'm telling you I didn't order anything." || The delivery guy kept walking briskly towards him, speeding up as ATM started backing away. Soon, the man reached him, and grabbed his arm. || "At least take a look at it. Maybe you forgot." || He reached into the bag and pulled out a shiny, plastic-looking burger. || As ATM started panicking, desperately struggling to free himself of the man's rigid grip, the man forced the burger into his mouth. ATM tried to resist, but the man shoved burger bits into his nose as well, forcing ATM to open his mouth to breathe. His mouth and nose full of something that definitely didn't taste like a burger, he had no choice but to swallow if he wanted to breathe. Still, he couldn't eat fast enough, and passed out.
ATM's butt has the zoomies
atm had a wet dream about you
atm deleted the entire server in a fit of rage
ATM is completely devastated when he  learned that Velma is a lesbian and will never love him.
"Hey girl, what size pussy you got?" - ATM at the shelter inquiring about cats
"He looks OK, but why does he have no ass?" ~ Atm on the latest Super Mario movie poster
atm is the Quentin Tarantino of his local theater scene. He always casts himself as someone saying the n word
Atm goes to the ER for every medical issue he has
ATM has two mustaches
"Welcome to Wendy's what the fuck do you want?" -atm, first day on the job
ATM keeps accidentally agreeing to go on dates with the elderly
atm was severely misinformed as to what a Jamaican hand pie was
ATM refuses to jack it to AI generated porn
Atm is warming up his foreskin to put Jhonty’s Gold Ship nenderoid in it
ATM invented a new fruit called jeff fruit which is when you slice an avocado in two, remove the seed, and glue the halves back together with meat glue, then you use a syringe to fill the space where the seed was with a mixture of corn starch and cum
BREAKING: Youtuber "ATM" (real name jeff) has announced that he will stop making youtube shorts until he has 5 million subscribers
ATM fell off (the cliff)
ATM is a smug prick.
ATM is getting a third butt cheek installed
ATM bathes with sapgehtti
ATM wears those bead panties.
ATM thinks praying to god for victory in sports is a form of cheating
ATM is considering a career in entertainment as a "Virtual Hole"
Atm loves his daily horoscope
Atm bases his opinion of entire groups off of his first interaction with a member of that group
ATM's loan application for a termite-themed daycare was denied
ATM commissioned furry art of Hitler as a seal doing a headstand
ATM only dates people who only date virgins
atm only shaves people who don't shave themselves
atm has iot on all of his electric appliances
atm installed both units of his ac inside
Atm uses a discord bot to turn on his microwave
ATM only drinks the condensation from his AC unit
atm is currently binging video essays about hogs
atm broke the egg shell that is all around us and is a metaphor for the system or something
"Sounds like my wiener after some good sex!" - ATM hearing you crack your neck
"Hey does your friend have herpes because her pees smell delicious" - atm trying to pick up a girl through her friends
Phat doesn't kinkshame because he's a nice guy. ATM doesn't kinkshame because he himself has every kink known to man.
ATM will be cosplaying Jeff the Dog at comiccon 2023
"Damn Indonesians must be so broke they can't afford broth" - ATM trying Indomie for the first time.
Atm sources his broths from the finest brothels
ATM described himself as Al dente on his job application
atm describes himself as "Alf dented" on his Grindr profile because Alf just absolutely RUINED atm's boyhole
atm has his ducks in a row and is sleeping with all of them
"Spooky action at a distance" was in fact first described by Einstein in reference to his view of ATM through binoculars late one summer evening.
atm wants to go to Arby's but his parole officer won't let him
I am atm
ATM has knurling on his fine adjustment knob
Inspired by a recent right winger's post, ATM implemented the next generation of shopping carts that will literally fuck your significant other
ATM's shirt is gay
ATM is the meaning of my life, he's my inspiration.
ATM just beat MGS2, now he wants to kill the President with a sword.
ATM played 6 instruments simultaneously for Chicago while sucking off Peter Cetera.
Atm regularly gets his holes re-pierced
ATM was really into woodshop back in high school.
ATM can't eat frozen pizza because it triggers his PTSD back when he was a pilot trying to kill Snoopy.
ATM's left thigh has a tattoo of Jim Jones' face
ATM makes his kids take an Uber home from elementary school.
Atm brushes his teeth with a circular saw
ATM is so basic, his favorite Bajookanese food is grum-grum
ATM's right thigh has a tattoo of Mike Jones' face
Atm talks shit about Chief Keef
ATM’s boss music is A-punk by Vampire Weekend
when speaking on the phone with his parents atm moans loundly to embarrass his friends
ATM is a competitive homosexual.
ATM is ghetto.
ATM is doubleplus infinity gay.
"Yeah I'm somewhat of a pussy slayer myself 😎" - ATM bragging about poaching lions
ATM was very happy to learn that Dagobah isn't inhabited by Italians or Portuguese.
ATM describes himself as a "dentist of the soul"
Triassic ATMs had both feathers and hair
atm knows the true number of forest layers
ATM programmed 4chan
ATM is the lord of Space Ohio
ATM's favorite song is *His name is king* by Luis Bacalov
ATM will find his destiny in outer space in 1993.
ATM only watches video essays about Victorian fashion
ATM fell off the cock carousel
ATM's nudes were leaked! Find them at https://trollface.dk/
Normal ppl drinking in the morning: "It's 5 PM somewhere in the world" || ATM drinking in the morning: "It's Jeff Bridges PM gangrene plimbo"
atm fucking hates jeff bridges
atm farts like jeff buckley
atm is a brown wizard
atm is the foreskin lizard
atm got a taste for human flesh while giving his ex-boyfriend road head on a poorly maintained freeway
ATM sucks dick at fucking pussy
atm is a boston cream with sprinkles
ATM pads his breasts
ATM can sing his BBCs
atm divided his asshole by 0
ATM's ass is FAT.
Atm is the frontman for a splatoon nu metal band called Inklin Park
Atm runs WikiPits, the leading source in information about fruit and seeds
Atm has officially announced that he is part of the Peppa Pig Cinematic Universe
Atm drank too much and blacked out through the entire Edo period
First rule of atm club is bring spare undies
"well, looks like I've entered my NTR arc" -atm, telling us his wife is cheating on him
ATM was too loud playing Mario Game so now he has to stream in the cuckshed
When ATM told the AI to create the perfect woman for him, it showed him a picture of Kamala Harris.
ATM buys dog ice cream because nobody has had the heart to tell him
ATM made his new job put a litter box in the bathroom for him to peepee poopoo in
ATM sprays himself with axe 4 times a day
Atm claims he has a ps3 and has played "games" on it
If atm is having a bad dream he simply alt+F4s out of it
Atm wears a scrunchie around his balls
atm's pubes are long enough to braid
Atm got hair transplant on his crotch to get even more pubes
ATM is currently trying to invent sex 2
atm runs a jp vtuber translation channel that subs in Navajo
atm fights megabattles every day
ATM's fat glizzy 👀
atm made a mod that puts jeff bridges in minecraft so you can kill him
ATM is based dope superlit
ATM likes his McChickens with no mayo, extra shredded lettuce
atm smells like a dead whale
atm likes indie pop
heaven and hell are empty and atm is satiated for the first time in eons
Christ explicitly did not die for atm's sins
ATM uses a pizza cutter to circumcise Italians.
ATM wants a neo-geo
atm called me a shitskin and i'm not even black so it's like really weird
ATM can always poop a little
atm has been banned from TikTok for being old
ATM died of dehydration when he attempted an "all organic" diet
atm died of organ overdose when he attempted an "all organic" diet
atm just showed up at your front door! Do you: || -submit to his power || -attempt to resist || -pray and cry
ATM ordered a steam....     ...deck.
atm stopped using -san and started using -kun when talking to merth
ATM is really concerned about the size of his breasts
ATM has A-cup breasts.
ATM has a tummy ache right now, don't spook him or he'll fart!
ATM thinks he's five-timing all the quints, but it's actually just one of them pretending to be all five!
ATM is into interpretative dabbing
atm plays bass in an all-white vaguely reggae jam band
atm smokes a lot of weeds
Instead of using a screen protector, ATM covers his phone in a thin layer of cum which, when dried, has protective properties similar to rubber!
ATM is frustratingly obstinate
atm shit himself out of fear when he tried to ask a girl to dance with him at his first middle school dance
ATM has been really into horrifying fecal demons lately
The most awkward moment of his life was when ATM gifted his new girlfriend a sex-toy during class on valentines day; everybody wanted to see the gift.
Sign of the Times: atm got a department of education grant to teach low-income children how to use AK-47s and use bomb vests to destroy gun emplacements!
ATM was in for a huge surprise when he arrived at the cock fighting ring in Cienfuegos,Cuba.
Atm fought in the War of the Roses
ATM is medically unnecessary so his insurance never covers anything for him.
When ATM gets out of the bath, he shakes off, then goes to his room and violently rolls in his plastic pool full of horse bedding pellets until he's out of breath.
ATM has articulated testicles
ATM is sexually attracted to triangles
atm smells with his nose
ATM's breath smells like putrid dogshit
atm writes books in the second person
Margaret Thatcher (screeching): BEING A MASSIVE HOG IS ILLEGAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! || ATM's fat glizzy: *looks around nervously*
atm lives under a bridge in a cringe way instead of a based way
Atm keeps messaging me telling me exactly when and how I’m going to die and both the time and manner changes as I make decisions in my life and I can’t block or stop the messages and as I type this the messages keep coming in and my time of death grows rapidly closer and the means more gruesome but I must tell you I must tell my story and oh my god I’m about to die help me help me help me HELP ME
ATM got his degree in Erotic Full Body Massages w/ Happy Ending
ATM is very rude
Atm wants you to dm him pictures of your feet
"Oh my god ATM! Don't eat that snow it's fucking yell.." || "I know."
ATM wants to fight for the king, the hammer, the ring, the ancient story, his life, Fife, the power, and the glory.
"It's just ryona! Look it up" - ATM explaining to the cops about what happened to his ex-wife
Atm doesn't know the proper steps for bimbofication but he knows the ones for onaholification
ATM pooped on the train
Atm trained on the poop
ATM is teh pwnz0rz
ATM has Kickstarter to start a giant tortoise farm cause he wants to taste what has been described as delicious
ATM acts as both a wave and a particle
atm does mocap work to make Overwatch porn more realistic
Waffle House formed a security force in response to atm
atm is no longer welcome in heaven
atm was sentenced to life in prison but was immediately released after the police searched his home and found nothing but anime stuff and a Steam library with a triple digit number of games
atm doesn't understand fractions!
ATM is the strongest Pokemon
atm's social security number only has 6 digits
ATM is the Tumblr sexy man of the year.
Atm has a gofundme to sew Danny Devito into a couch permanently
ATM planted fake children in Kanye's house
atm's anus has an acting credit in the new Avatar
atm likes to imagine Atlas holds the world in his ass, not on his shoulders
ATM is using NovelAI to make porn of himself sexing it up with all his favorite anime and cartoon characters
atm was born yesterday
Atm is really into twitch drama
ATM is a ding dong BITCH.
atm has made it his mission to fire all chekhov's guns as soon as he notices them
ATM died a hero.
ATM accidentally sent his love letters to former Trinidad Prime Minister Kamla Persad-Bissessar and boy is it awkward.
ATM has a secret crush on at least six members of this server
I can't believe ATM just did that to a Chihuahua
ATM is lurking under your floor
I invited ATM over to watch a movie and he just sat outside and ate a bunch of dirt
atm got banned from using the Dalle art bot for his constant requests involving Kamala Harris' feet
Atm is a white Buddhist
Atm is as snug as a bug in a rug
"A fork can't replace a spoon; especially when I'm smaller." -ATM says
ATM is the head writer for Overwatch.
ATM wears cum socks
ATM has been getting annoying recently, constantly going on about how high his bioavailability is.
"Squid Game? I love Ika Musume!" - ATM
"yaranaIKA?" -atm
ATM is going to fight for Ukraine with his body
I want ATM to read me Kropotkin and Goldman while I fall asleep
ATM has poor ventilation.
ATM thinks the phrase "ABC 123" is a JAV code.
Atm is condemned
ATM fantasizes about a menage a paw
ATM has some really weird humiliation fantasies
ATM has death cancer.
the only time atm isn't high is when he's asleep
ATM is a hoglike
Atm is in trouble with his WoW guild after he told another member to "not be a jew" during a boss fight
ATM runs a private WoW server where the classes are gender locked.
ATM's new nickname is "the Virulent Queef", please use it as much as you'd like!
On the 26th of June, 2027 at 14:00 UTC, ATM will be isekai'd to the world of Monster Girl Quest.
ATM just came into my room, farted, and then turned into mist
ATM Battlefighter Jeff of the Infinity Force: Fierce Battle Mode Fierce God One
ATM farted in my ass
Librarian: Umm sir, you can't touch the books with your hands covered in shit || ATM: [inaudible screeching]
Yikes: Hillary Clinton Just Paid $5700 To Hire ATM As A "Pleasure Slave" For Three Weeks
ATM came up with the idea of making Unity asset flip games on the Google Play store
"Stop screaming bitch!!" - me when ATM is screaming
ATM has written over 50 haikus about the feeling he has when accidentally thinking about butts while looking at the pair of his fried breakfast eggs
ATM joined a cult but got in trouble for trying to date the wicker man
ATM joined a cult but got in trouble for trying to FUCK the wicker man
ATM joined an cult but got in trouble because he soaked the wicker man with all his juices and they couldn't light it
ATM is a dwarf and he's digging a hole.
ATM nicknamed his toilet Hylozoist
ATM sometimes tries to think loud and annoying sounds, just in case someone's trying to read his mind.
Merth modded all the phones in his neighborhood so when you call 911 you get ATM (this has caused a lot of anxiety induced crying)
ATM got that bobodobo.
ATM still calls weed "sess"
ATM is always DTF (Determined To Fornicate)
ATM accidentally invented napalm while making a video for TiKToK
ATM made notorious straight boy Phatboi Steez cum in Trinidad at least once before he got back on the cunt caravan.
ATM's foreskin is so stretched out and loose it's more like a fiveskin
All of atm's friends are fucking nerds
ATM is a train otaku, but for the New York City Metro.
atm is fargent
"The ATM" is a play by American playwright Edward Sheldon, first performed on Broadway in New York City at The New Theatre on December 4, 1909.
ATM has spoilers on his butt
Atm sends audio recordings of himself pissing to his local elected officials
ATM is 6'2'' if that matters.
90% of atm's mass is below his knees
ATM bought Merth the wrong guitar, now Merth has to play his emo music on the Jim Henson signature guitar.
ATM was concieved after ATM was locked inside a mental hospital with a hundred ATMs
ATM's favorite video game character is Donald "Duke" Nuke Them
atm will fight you
atm abuses drugs (verbally)
atm is used up
ATM is gamer style ong
ATM is looking for some quality herb
ATM favorite food is fertilized horsecock
ATM did 1500lbs of "drugs" and made a giant pilaf at gunpoint in front of his local supermarket
ATM slipped on a banana peel and got a guy pregnant
ATM's a real wood-worker
ATM is apologetically racist
ATM quit his job and is moving to Florida to meet an older woman of his dreams
ATM's first novel contained 146 uses of the word "poggers"
Fun fact! Atm doesn't fear death!
ATM throws soup on paintings
ATM is in charge of localization for the Urusei Yatsura remake! The official English title will be "Silence You'll"
ATM always refers to the Amazon lotr show as "lawd dem rangz"
Atm reads a lot of evo psych blogs
Shockbot is the means of production in the economy of ATM
atm keeps a respirator handy in his bathroom for guests
atm's favorite condiment is pee
atm's skin fell off
atm went sicko mode and ate an entire kindergarten
atm live tweeted his own divorce trial
atm watches ASMR videos on mute
ATM really misinterpreted what a "Race Queen" is.
atm experienced ego death a few weeks ago and is now experiencing ego-rotting-corpse-smell
ATM's parents stopped buying pumpkins after that Halloween
atm says the microphones he installed in the love hotels are actually for "whore moan therapy"
atm always keeps a large sack of large grain rice in his bathroom in case he needs to shower
atm pressure washes his ass every other day
atm is really giddy about his new vacuum cleaner
Atm had a weird dream where Tom Holland and Andrew Garfield banged each other last night
Atm loudly complains about gay ships
ATM has endearing qualities
ATM has a lot of pustules right now
Atm drowning in pussy (he was carrying his fleshlight box, tripped and dropped it)
ATM owns the first prototype of a FleshHeavy
Schoolmarm ATM believes in "teaching the controversy"
Atm has jewels spelling L and R in braille on his asscheeks
ATM has a litter box in his classroom to trigger the conservatives
"integrate this!", said atm, jamming the microchip production line with his massive balls
ATM is vaguely basedpog
ATM is the diarrhea devil
ATM has a pair of massive balls as well as a pair of tiny balls that are separate from his massive ones
I secretly wrote "scrugo" somewhere in ATM's house/apartment!
ATM shit myself again
atm scrugo
atm scrugo 😈
atm had to rebuy all the the sims expansion packs after his original account was banned for unsportsmanlike conduct
atm escaped the infinite cycle of death and rebirth by having just atrocious vibes
the Little Free Library in front of atm's house is mostly anti-semitic and anti-race mixing literature
atm is handicap accessible
atm sure does scream a lot when you light him on fire
atm taught his students how to run phone scams on the elderly
atm gave merth a handjob!
Atm hates golfers because they keep asking what his handicap is
atm tried turning it off and on again
ATM that's not where you put asparagus!!!!
ATM wishes he had the Gold Experience stand cause then he'd use its power to turn his shit into spiders that crawl out of his asshole so he doesn't have to shit
atm was bullied by the stoners in high school
ATM got stranded on a deserted island for 3 weeks and the island said it was the most awkward experience of it's whole life
ATM says "thank you for your service" to anyone wearing camo
ATM gets chronic inner-nostril pimples
"Yae Miko? Sorry, the only Yae Miko I know is "Do I have a favorite gen 0 holo? Yae, Miko"" || - ATM
ATM, as the DM, did sexual things to my DnD character while in combat
ATM kins the two white women in Family Guy who mispronounce 'taco' and 'tortilla'
Atm tried to make his favorite fighting game real using homeless people and steroids
ATM is kinda nice from up top
@ℒℯ 『atm』 won't let me do his nails >:(
Atm is disinclined to acquiesce your request
Atm hotfix 1.2.54546 : Atm now hot (fixed)
ATM is a human paraquat
ATM is a human parachute (inflatable foreskin)
atm is visibly erect at Sea World
ATM always chooses the middle seat on flights
atm just got his balls wrecked
atm has slimy excretions
atm came in the wrecking ball
atm grilled and ate Gold Ship
Atm sleeps with one eye open because a child bit off one of his eyelids
atm is known as the Fentanyl Fairy of Fayetteville
atm wrote a children's book about phrenology
atm has a favorite gay pornstar
atm makes pizza by emptying the contents of hot pockets onto a loaf of bread
ATM wants to make out with your butthole
ATM plays online FPS games on airplane wifi only
ATM has an enormous, greasy, stinky hog
ATMs alter ego is actually Italian Man
Atm is neurodivergent and a miner
If a man lies, atm calls him a Chad. If a woman lies, calls it a woman moment
A second atm has just hit merth with his car
atm just wants to be loved
ATM has been on the wrong side of history several times
Atm is responsible for 70% of all “do not access porn on the work network” emails at the Pentagon
ATM has merthokinesis
Atm was too stressed at the Wendy's drive thru so he jerked off while saying his order
Atm regularly says "LOL" out loud
ATM is a heckin chonkers
Atm pooped the bed and blamed @ℒℯ 『me(rth)』
ATM has a funny mustache
atm does pubic microblading
Atm gets drunk at work
atm busted my union
Bullying really affected ATM in high school; the leader and his pack would corner ATM at his locker, he'd grab ATM by his own hands and say "why you hitting yourself why you pissing yourself"
If ATM was an angel, he'd be a Succurbussy.
atm wants to add a captcha before anyone posts a message in this discord
atm is playing his spooky little accordion without a care in the world
atm be like, "you couldn't leave my horny and hungry ass in a room alone with a hobbit and a hammer fr fr 💯 😂 👌 no cap"
atm follows you on twitter
Worst fears confirmed? The people atm thinks are his friends actually all secretly ||love|| him and they ||care|| about him behind his back!
Atm thinks “getting stuck in a k-hole” is when you’re having that dream where you’re a werewolf banging Kamala Harris and the knot is too tight so you get stuck inside her and have to listen to her give one of her terrible speeches while you wait for your wolfrection to subside but it’s not going down because the more she talks about nothing the more turned on you get
Atm brings his anime figurines to the beach to pose them and make his own beach episode
Atm is the new prime minister of the UK
ATM actually thinks his favorite YouTuber plays Raid Shadow Legends
atm has two sexes: one with your mom, and one with your dad
ATM only listens to real music
So-called "ATM scholars" fear the ATM apocrypha, for they know it is fucking legit
atm has started portmanteau-ing verbs and nouns together, saying things like "i'm gonna freggs" instead of "i'm gonna fry eggs"
atm ate all of my soap
Atm loves hearing Fortunate Son in every piece of media that's set in Vietnam
atm started smoking cigarettes so he'd look more like a dirtbag
atm showed up sick for his shift at KFC and vomited in the fryer and the customers just accepted it because hey, you can't get lower than being at KFC anyway
atm grilled and ate jher
ATM is fucked up if true
ATM flew a plane into cuda
atm was wearing his "daddy's puppy" collar when giving his resignation speech
atm is taking new meds and no longer obsessed with that one anime and is now looking for someone to buy a lot of figurines
atm's boyhole is FUCKED UP
atm's boy FUCKED UP his hole
ATM calls cola a kind of tea
"ATM you left all your dirty clothes in a pile again! They're covered in Pog!"
Atm has a weight loss plan that involves doing a shit ton of cocaine
Atm chews epoxy putty
ATM has to eat ALL the cheese
atm labels all his tupperware with "for oral use only"
ATM can't learn japanese
ATM has a detachable jaw
ATM is the REAL black swordsman
atm: i fucking hate jeff || phat: jeff who??? || atm: jeff bridges || phat: oh okay thats fine
The only thing more aggressively horny than Atm are videos in the Discover section on Snapchat
atm NEEDS to [crime] [vtuber]
atm wears the pants in this relationship
ATM just invented pogstyle (awful dance type)
ATM just invented pogstyle (awful music genre)
Atm was eaten by a ghost
ATM pitched a movie to Universal execs about phat's life, starring Jeff Bridges in blackface as phat's dad
ATM pitched a movie to Bill Gates about his own life, starring Alec Baldwin as ATM and Idris Elba as ATM in blackface
Atm pitched a perfect game once in 1986
Atm and Kermit like to hang out and discuss what it’s like having a man’s arm deep inside their asses
Atm reads discord comments as the profile pics saying them
Atm gave himself an oil paint enema to play splatoon irl
ATM invented Close Quarters Combat
ATM is a frog eating cheese boy
ATM watched a video of a guy making blood bread and now he won't stop talking about goyslop
atm just called me bitch boy (rude style)
ATM is hosting PissCon, the biggest piss-based convention in North America, right in his mouth!
ATM's claim to the Canadian throne is illegitimate
atm developed the game abattoir simulator
atm's nips are just fully out
Atm: I'm so hungry I could eat a horse! || Jhonty walking into the room: Hey guys have you seen my Goldship figurines? || *laugh track*
Atm is why god cries
ATM started the world's first hate hotel in Ohio
atm took jher to the hate hotel and made sweet sweet hate to him
atm's erection throbs and makes noise
You sprinkle ATM dry onto the carpet ahead of time before vacuuming
You haven't lived until you've experienced the sunrise at ATM's hole
*atm yelling in German while he sleeps then suddenly waking up* || "hey man having a nightmare? you were yelling in your sleep" || **atm**: oh yeah, really vivid nightmares about my time in the war, sorry || "you were yelling in German" || **atm**: *sweating* haha dreams amirite? || "you said 'quickly mein fuhrer get on the plane to Argentina, those communist dogs are closing in'" || **atm**: please stop asking questions
ATM is indonesian
ATM is not a black person currently
Sorry! atm can't come to the phone right now because he is high off his ass
ATM is a collab whore and a leech
ATM microwaves YOUR boyfriend's cum before swallowing it
atm took falafels's virginity and won't give it back
ATM clogged the hole with shit. What hole? Any hole
atm has arms
atm was elected president, took a dump in every White House toilet in a week, then immediately resigned
Always consult your doctor before saying nice things about ATM; side effects may include: a burning sensation during urination, heterosexual memory loss, non-human self-perception, glute spasms, and a will to be dominated.
Atm pronounces savour like devour
atm pronounces you bride and bride
atm mains baiken
atm invented balloons
ATM just freggs with fregs
atm smokes tobacco out of a bong
ATM vibrates when he gets a text message
You'll get unlimited access and exclusive previews if you subscribe to ATM premium
Atm is a Z fighter
once atm did LSD and it made him think he was a glass of orange juice and was afraid to move because he thought he'd spill and die
atm can't afford his insulin
ATM loves hippo meat and eats it every day
ATM started an LGBTQ fight club, last team standing
atm was at BYU in october 2022
ATM was "on holiday" in London and got bit. He's become a were-brit and is seeking a cure!
ATM still calls {{}} "faggy brackets"
Atm is so passionate about baseball he had an extra testicle installed and got a big red X tattooed on each cheek
atm likes his Coke like he likes his coffee, hot and with 46 splendas
atm does fighting game character idle animations while waiting in line
We've all had sex dreams of atm
atm only ever listens to video game music
ATM likes his women like how he likes his water, still.
ATM has been gay for 33 years. That's correct.
ATM loudly shares his thoughts on how he could "turn" lesbians he sees in public
ATM made the first ever dead baby joke in '87
Atm thought “the snack that smiles back” referred to the cutie reading this fact and not Goldfish crackers
ATM is a mime
ATM has a purple adrenal gland
ATM went to the library and asked the librarian "Qrd on Hemingway?"
Atm no longer has pronouns and soon, neither will you! Good luck!
ATM was Ryan Gosling's sex ed teacher
ATM is Mark Wahlbergs PT
ATM is R. Kelly's legal consultant
Atm was a surprisingly cute baby
ATM argues about star wars on social media
ATM is a cheese magician
*atm bursting through thick reinforced steel doors into an autopsy room in Area 51* || "Alright motherfuckers, where is he?" || *blood drips from atm's katana as alarms blare behind him, he surveys the room and sees Alf strapped to a table, doctors standing over him* || "The only person who rearranges Alf's guts is ME" || *atm cuts down everyone in the room with one swing of his blade, splattering blood and viscera on the sterile white walls* || "Come on Alf, lets get you home" || *atm removes the equipment gaping Alf's asshole, theres a wet noise as atm runs his fingers around the rim of Alf's slowly contracting anus* || "Lets get you home honey and then you can do this to me 😏"
"No wiener stuff bro" -atm, deciding what to grill for the cookout
atm got a takoyaki pan and no one has seen that octopus-thing vtuber since
woah! atm just came on a furby!
atm absolutely RUINED merth by hitting him with a truck
ATM gave up half his lifespan so he could see someone's name and fursona over their head
ATM shonen jumped into my heart
Atm got lodged in one of merth’s arteries and caused a stroke
ATM works for the TSA so he can look at people's body scans
atm tells people he's celibate because he's "denying himself earthly pleasures" but we're all starting to suspect that he just can't get laid
atm is a proud incel (intentionally celibate)
ATM will literally ride you like a pommel horse
ATM's daily driver is a little tikes cozy coupe
atm sleeps with one eye open, gripping his pillow tight
Atm has 250 people on payroll to post on discord under his username for him
Atm has extremely flexible leg joints
ATM loves dip
Atm always quotes reservoir dogs when the restaurant staff bring him the bill
ATM thinks James Bond is pronounced "shambōn"
Atm does that cringe thing where he only goes to Starbucks to see one particular worker in the hopes they’re actually interested in him
atm is the champion of pogs
atm wrote his economics doctorate on the topic of the artificial scarcity by twitter artists who post the naked version of their arts on patreon
atm is still a member of many irc channels and he doesn't realize everyone else is bots
atm is still a member of many discord servers and he doesn't realize everyone else is bots
It's nearly noon, which means atm will get another government request to bully someone
ATM complains about men putting shirtless selfies in their dating profile, but has a full body bikini picture in his
ATM had the longest recorded period, lasting 16 months straight
Atm holds the world record for longest minute
In ATMic Algebra, 1+1=69
ATM adds corn starch to his cum to make it slimier
The 2030 FIFA World Cup will be hosted in ATM's backyard.
Atm rock ||  || Is in the ||  || Hou ||  || Se tonight
An empty ATM is slightly heavier than a full one
ATM is bigger on the inside
atm keeps referring to Richard Nixon as his kouhai
ATM wants to play your ass like bongos
ATM's new catchphrase is "Not 'til after I... dip!"
Woman: \*has le booba* || ATM: nice cow breast
You can recognize atm by his ramen hat, stylish shirt, fishing boots and cute fish pouch!
atm just walked into merth's house completely naked
atm just ate a pound of heroin
Atm sure does scream a lot in this sleep
atm sure does screave a lot in his sleep
atm has been fucked by a ghost
ATM sure does eat a lot of cream of wheat
ATM created the Life Note; write in a name, and they'll get a life kek
fOR HALLOWEEN atm IS IN LOVE WITH A PUMPKIN
for Halloween atm is 31 feet tall
"why are you making me squint at 6:00 a.m.!?" Said ATM
ATM wrote a romance novel in Excel
ATM hasn't been the same since he directed Shazam (2019) starring Ben Stiller
ATM types like a girl
When he's bored, ATM likes to get high on morphine and send work orders to random departments at his workplace
"He who smelt it dealt it" - ATM when working with a cadaver dog
atm cookada pizza
atm FUCK-a-da pizza
ATM’s got some giant swinging balls
A sufficiently hungry pack of atms can strip the flesh off an elephant in less than 5 minutes
A sufficiently horny ATM can strip himself naked in 2.3 seconds
atm can leave his hat on
ATM voted for the Forward Party
"Lol, those officers are fucking stupid, all these resources and they can't even find my prostate." -atm downtown
ATM (AKA The Cum Beast, AKA The Prostate Pirate, AKA Armpits Mcgee, AKA Armpits McGoo, AKA The Tennessee Titty Twister, AKA xX_I_<3_Luigi_Xx, AKA Lance Rodgobbler, AKA Fartin4U, AKA Fred Flintstone?, AKA Adam The Magnificent, AKA Duke Sukem, AKA The Toe Bandito,...)
Atm tweeting: "nothing worse than when some gay loser talks to you ugh" || Falafels replying: "is this about me???" || Atm replying: "why would you think that gay loser?"
after a long day at work (killing cows at the slaughterhouse) atm likes to crack open a cold one (10 pack of hotdogs) and watch his shows (30 year old news broadcasts from random countries)
Atm's genitalia are complex, occupying most of the torsal scutum.
"extra noodle" is what ATM told the escort
ATM is the laziest Pokemon in gen 3
"Yea, I saw him ride. Where, you ask? Umm, along the countryside, LOL" || - ATM on King
ATM was voted biggest crock tease in culinary school
ATM is thinking about Hellshake Yano.
If the harvest next year (2023) is bad, ATM might have to sell a few server members.
Where does this string go, ATM?
ATM can't understand how x64 is better than x86 when x86 is the bigger number
ATM was described as "wicked gay" by his pediatrician and the gym teacher
atm uses the joshi honorific on his female coworkers sarcastically
Atm can't be racist because he has a white friend
atm is racist
atm is not racist, because you can't be racist toward subhumans
Atm watches anime the way it was intended. Fan subbed using Google based on the Spanish subs which are also google translated from Japanese
Atm buys extra movie theater and plane tickets so he can sit his daki down
atm always goes the extra mile
Atm recorded a cover of "Africa" by Toto but with the keyboard part replaced with his farts
Atm is hiring for the position of Furry Gimp I on Indeed.com
atm once walked in on his sisters summoning a vengeful spirit to haunt him
atm is being interviewed on Tucker Carlson tonight!
ATM thinks mimes are cool
mimes like to get ATM's attention and then mime inappropriate sexual acts about him in a kind of gross way that is also funny
atm was grossly misinformed as to what a "race queen" is
atm was last seen moving at 175 knots across Kansas, heading East
ATM's medical records are public domain.
ATM wants you to taste his dry rub
Get atm season 1 now! The Blu ray set now comes with a special edition world map where atm re-drew the borders in the Balkans.
ATM became a child therapist so he can get better bullying material.
Atm makes his own jerky out of "house meat" (he means fiberglass insulation)
"Patented ATM family recipe" - ATM when talking about his cum
"DARKNESS. IMPRISONING ME. ALL THAT I SEE. ABSOLUTE HORROR." - ATM when on e621
At the beginning of his freshman year, ATM was surprised by everyone's enthusiasm for frot parties
The only thing atm brought to the party was a massive amount of drugs and a revolver with 1 bullet in it
Atm thought “BDSM” stood for “big dick, small mustache”
atm is fraught with froth
atm just died from ass cancer 😢
Atm's doctor diagnosed him racist, sexist, and heterophobic
Atm is certified peanut-free
Atm vomited in merth’s open mouth while merth was sleeping
Atm was recently arrested in San Francisco
*atm walking up to you looking disheveled and holding two bloody hammers* “hey man how many hobbits you think you can beat to death with a hammer? Hurry up and answer it’s an emergency”
“Damn boy, are you a scab cuz you look like a snack” -atm, hitting on someone
ATM’s dick stinks
"Bananas are for [black people]"  || - ATM (He did not say black people)
Atm is came out as a theater kid to his parents and they shot him
Atm has euthanized Goofy
Kids don’t go to ATM’s house on Halloween anymore after he gave them rabies instead of candy back in 2017
ATM is now legally fuckable
ATM likes to confuse his guests by donning a hawk mask and screeching loudly
Atm keeps leaving his Oreimo DVD on his sister’s desk
Atm HATES In The Aeroplane Over the Sea
ATM stains the mountain top
ATM spent 5 years seriously studying the art of mime
Atm has 15 toes on his butt cheeks
atm refuses to tell us which monarch knighted him which is surprisingly suspicious
Atm's cocks have 11 digits (fingers) on them
ATM eats cereal in bed
atm has pretty eyes
ATM eats cat tails
atm likes to eat SHIT PIE with WHIPPED HOG SEMEN
ATM's groin is a hyperbolic plane tessellated with gay polygons
atm tosses his own salad
ATM invented a way to make hog semen go rancid
ferret licking atm's lips after a snack
ATM invented a new sport called battle pissing in which competitors try to kill eachother with piss
ATM is severely mentally ill
ATM is a free speech absolutist, except if you make fun of his stupid political views
Atm has autism
ATM's balls are on display in The British Museum.
The sound of poop plopping down into toilet water is ATM's ASMR trigger.
the sound of children laughing is atm's brainwashing trigger
the sound of men shouting in Russian over the noise of a T-34's engine is atm's PTSD trigger
ATM trusts induction
atm fucked a goblin
atm is bustin rope!!!
ATM tries to sneak alcohol to pregnant women
ATM shoots pregnant women with alcohol darts
ATM owns an abortionplex where he personally commits dozens of abortions per day with a tazer
atm took a shit in my ass
atm eata da pasta
atm can't defeat airman
once a week, atm visits this really hot lady who performs cbt on him (cognitive behavioral therapy)
Atm would eat everyone on this server if given the chance
ATM drank all the horse milk.
atm plays Europa Universalis IV way too much
Atm dated Mecha Hitler for 3 years
atm won't stop e-mailing me
Atm wanted to host a live dubbing session of the quintuplets movie but the only person who showed up to voice Ichika was a skinhead
The deal breaker for ATM's baker ex-gf wasn't when he said "I loaf you" or "hey gurl wanna be bread by me" it was actually the yeast infection he got as a bit
Nobody ask what atm has been watching lately; he just caught up on Rick and Morty and saw the pickle episode
There are 78 tombstones with ATM's name across the Pacific northwest and no one knows what is inside the caskets
atm is going nowhere fast
ATM looks like he could carry and birth 6+ children in one go, and that's fucking hot.
Every winter solstice, the vikings would sacrifice ATM to the gods in an event known as the Midvinterblot.
Atm is going to Charlie Kirk's men's summit
ATM just founded a new school of martial arts called crimer style, it uses guns and butterfly knives and bladed nunchucks
ATM is angry. Angry about COCK
ATM has a cum gizzard
ATM is holding a Man's Stomach in his bare hands
ATM shaves his foreskin every morning
ATM is astronomically cucked
ATM occassionally cums hot fudge, burning his urethra
ATM fucking hates thanksgiving
ATM hates thanksgiving because the practice of being thankful makes him nauseous
Every thanksgiving, ATM murders one whitoid and one native american to show how much he hates it
ATM hates thanksgiving because he never gets to "baste" the turkey
ATM probably hates you
ATM talks shit about you in the other discord server
atm won't stop bringing up his ex
ATM cancelled phat over the gnome incident
PLEASE STOP DATING ALL THE NEW ARRIVALS AT THE SHELTER ATM
instead of singing, atm farted the entire National Anthem before a Mariners game
ATM only uses horse glue
ATM is gender solid
ATM's vrchat model is a GE fridge
Atm pulled up tsundere wiki on his phone during his meeting with HR
Atm was a legacy admission to federal prison
wow, atm smells a lot
ATM’s name is written with the characters for “James” and “Corden”
ATM cast a spell on you to make you ugly. Nothing changed.
ATM keeps licking all the pizza
ATM converted his rental home into an Airbnb so he could take advantage of tax loopholes
ATM has fingers but he won't say who's
Being a YouTuber these days is just a contest in being the sluttiest whore -- and ATM's winning.
ATM isn't hogpilled and it shows.
atm knows the shortest unique substring of every discord emoji
atm got groomed by a 2 year old toddler
atm thinks kimi no na wa is about ropes
atm wants to drink anime girl spit sake
atm doesn't celebrate halloween; says it's just like every other day to him
Every court in North America has granted ATM qualified immunity
ATM lost a shitting contest to Power.
ATM has rubbed one out in each of Missouri's 292 ghost towns.
Atm went to the middle east once. Let's just say the Virgin Mary ain't so much a virgin no more
one of atms henchman was hanging out at the edge of the yard in the dark when i went outside a few minutes ago
ATM's rod and staff comfort me
Weyland-Yutani Corp wrote a press release denouncing the immoral business practices of ATM Inc.
Atm is drinking mountain dew! (he's licking grass in the morning on the hill behind his house)
Atm was actually in the famous picture of Obama from the Bin Laden raid! Atm was under the table licking Hillary Clinton’s feet
Atm asks uncut men if he can lick the wrapper after he’s done sucking them off
Atm is a loonatic (he wants to fuck the cartoon goth wolf)
Uh oh! ATM’s chest hurts and his arm is a little numb
ATM is a professional quote taker, among other things
Atm knows how to cook
ATM has a foot fetish and hates meters.
ATM is unfortunately not mentally insane enough to become a vtuber.
Atm couldn’t remember a certain secretary of state’s name so he just referred to them as “the sexy one with the fantastic ass”
Atm lacks a sense of smell
ATM was doing an Irish accent and it got stuck like that
Atm wants to go to Venus
atm wants to go to mars to get more arse
ATM farts in 8-bit
Atm thought airplanes would be really really tasty until he was 23 due to how his mom spoonfed him as a toddler
atm ends his sentences with "nyaa"
ATM can imagine an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie.
ATM holds his breath every time that he passes your house
Every breath you take, ATM is watching you.
ATM is afraid of the dark
try new grape flavored atm!
ATM has a strangely encyclopedic knowledge of Hanna-Barbera cartoons and it frightens him.
"SUPERHOT is the most innovative shooter I've played in years!" ~ Atm, probably
ATM has butt worms
ATM went to a chiropractor for one of his bones
ATM is my dad
Every sunday, atm has the same dream where he's in a boxing ring high on cough syrup getting punched repeatedly in the crotch by Korone. He looks forward to that day for the rest of the week
ATM is looking to avenge Takeoff.
atm always sweeps things under the rug, keeping things vague, never going beneath the surface. he has spent his entire life without truly connecting with another human being
"Come with me, and you'll pee, in a world of furry-domination!" -ATM, age 24
ATM has traveled the world to get bre(a)d in over 100 historical cities
atm has reverse benjamin button syndrome
ATM's mom is a blaxploitation parody from the early 00's
Atm loves the Totally Spies incest scene
ATM has an asstigmatism
ATM stimulates women to disturbing lusts
atm gives a 15% discount on orchiectomies in November
ATM produces all the lentils in the world and he won't tell anyone where or how he gets them
ATM has become a slave to thick, long, and hard megacocks.
ATM has feelings every single day
atm keeps emailing Rebecca Sugar to ask her about how fucking a rock works in case he ends up getting trapped inside that show and finds himself getting hot and heavy with the sexiest rock
Atm imagined his Funko Pops clapping and cheering for him after he lost his virginity
ATM's tits are fake
Atm's hands are always slightly damp (moist)
Atm once went a week with garlic bread as his only meal 3 times a day
atm dressed as a bunnygirl for halloween
atm bit jher's dick off
Atm sneaks into stables to inflate horses
Atm is a gay deer he doesn't huff and puff he hoofs and poofs
atm calls his senpai paisen
ATM will show you his panties with a disgusted look on his face.
Atm wants to eat a big brekkie with sossidge and bakey :3
Papa atm to all units red dog red dog casualty count is high move to reinforce immediately
Atm designs school uniforms
"Hell yeah new high score" - ATM looking at his cholesterol levels.
ATM invented a new move called battle fisting where you fist someone's asshole until they die
as atm succumbed to his numerous wounds after felling thousands of foes, his final words were "is this [blood] loss?"
"With great power comes great responsibility" - ATM every time he makes a box of rice.
ATM is a sex herder, like a dog tending sheep
atm hates it when people sexualize his penis
Atm fucked Shadow the Hedgehog like 6 times, really filled that dude’s rectum with cum
ATM thinks queef turkey is a widely used rhyming slang for beef jerky
ATM started a charitable organization called "Homes For The Homeless", providing credit and education for landlords in the making.
ATM told me there were twelve ways to skin a horse
ATM is a hive mind; everything he says or does is controlled by messages from a beehive in the gutter at the corner of his house
Atm went viral on Grindr
Atm is looking for a new Lazy Susan on tinder
atm is a divorce lawyer that specializes in gay divorces
atm gets into relationships with his patients
In the fall atm switches to using apple cider donuts as his masturbatory aid of choice.
atm has never broken a promise (unrelatedly, atm never makes promises)
"Please, show me on this large and varied collection of stuffed animals, what the ATM was wearing."
ATM sleeps on floral foam
atm has stopped time
ATM was Kung Fu fighting!(huh!) He was fast at lightning!
ATM modified all his GAP clothes with an "E"
a doctor did an ultrasound on atm's preggers womb and immediately shot himself with his doctor gun (Missouri doctors carry guns)
"~~Aoi~~ATM, a beta, can’t help having an inferiority complex and an admiration towards ~~Shiki ~~Guy Fieri because of ~~Shiki~~Guy Fieri’s ability and his charm as an alpha. Because of this, ~~Aoi ~~ATM can’t accept ~~Shiki~~Guy Fieri’s affection. || The chance arises when, without knowing the reason, for days ~~Aoi~~ATM’s body has been tingling like crazy."
atm is an atheist and he actually owns and wears a fedora
atm is super fucked up looking
ATM was very disappointed that his divorce lawyer wasn't sporting a midriff and short shorts.
ATM spreads peanut butter on the door handles at allergy specialists offices
ATM loves Christianity themed English only manga.
ATM grafitti'd my ass
atm's favorite video game is super seducer
whenever atm needs to get changed he opens his closet and a bunch of pale and wet arms emerge from the impenetrable darkness to undress and dress him
ATM is obama
Atm celebrates NNN every year (Nino Nakano November)
Atm always carries a newspaper on him in case he needs to bonk someone on the head
Atm roleplays as a eunuch at the renaissance fair
Atm is a syscon, he's really horny for sysadmins
atm hit Tails from Sonic with his car
atm was a diversity hire and he has no idea what for
atm be like plimbo gunko
Atm is the village chief of chungus plimbo gunko village
atm makes compilations of anime boys crying and posts them on youtube
atm smells his friends' hair when they aren't looking
Atm is an introvert
ATM calls his penis "Jormungandr"
ATM refers to this bike as a "Penny Farting"
ATM and Zeus are having a friendly competition on who can be the shittiest father.
You can tell which episodes of Rick and Morty ATM wrote.
Atm really went downhill
ATM has a steep difficulty curve.
Atm made a gun that shoots hog semen from the hog semen dimension
Atm made a gun that shits
Atm invented some more dumb shit
Atm reposted my meme
If atm @s you on discord, he steals 1 IQ point from you
Atm's wifeykins is doing a hecking preggers and will be making a beautiful baldpupper soon!
Every day atm picks a stranger to follow around and shout CRINGE at
Atm LOVES fermented skunk shit
Atm invented cumfunny which is when you cum on someone and it's funny
Atm invented the cop car
atm has no butt and he must fart
atm has no mouth and he must suck
Every day at 3am atm reboots for maintenance
ATM's having a buffer overflow what a mess
Atm stopped being a Buddhist when he got told that he can't be reincarnated as a stick of women's deodorant
Atm bought a license to a ticketing system. All the tickets and bug reports are just about his pissing schedule
Atm calls his pubic area The McGriddle
Atm buys himself reddit gold
atm takes milk in his earl gay
ATM pretends to be on of those cops who visits elementary schools and then he helps the bullies
atm's imaginary friend became real and killed his entire family
Atm has social anxiety and no musical talent
Atm was held in contempt of court for referencing anime too much at his recent trial (he killed 13 people)
atm was found abandoned in a Walmart parking lot
Twitter banning people for impersonating other users is Atm's personal Tiannamen Square
atm kills gay people
Atm has left the server
ATM's ass in on the breakfast menu, and baby, it's all day breakfast
atm is nascent 😏
Atm got stank pussy
atm just did a little dance and we all gained a special buff
ATM once played a bard who did minstrel shows
Atm has a hot asshole
ATM calls sad sex "mating depress"
ATM is illegal
Atm posts shitty blurry pictures of his weed to random discord servers
atm snuck into your home and has been quetly beeping
ATM needs to recharge his genders.
ATM has to ask the server at restaurants out of caution for his severe penis allergy
atm pads his bra
atm's neighbor has a large neon sign that says "hey man we can see your penis can you please close your curtains?"
ATM is a Southern belle.
atm grilled and ate Jhonty
atm wore an ahaego shirt to his hearing, its ok though because he just won reelection for the 7th time and his district is gerrymandered to shit
Atm keeps referring to D-Day as “WWII’s beach episode”
ATM will never reach thermal equilibrium
ATM is Maxwell's demon, and it's his kink.
"Oh-h.... fuck yeah, watch me violate the second law of thermodynamics!" *erotic moaning* -ATMaxwell's demon
ATM feeds on the expanding universe
ATM is hiding all the white holes
ATM has seen over 240 films
ATM's belly button knits with the lint it collects
atm's magical girl transformation music is a Three Days Grace song
atm's mind palace is a Chuck E Cheese
When atm talks about his 5 o clock shadow he's talking about the dark mysterious being that stalks him at 5pm
Atm's mixtape is mostly poorly acted skits
ATM Darkblade had sex with Darkwing Duck.
every chuck norris fact actually works as an atm fact
Atm was one of the original garbage pail kids, named Diarrhea Deer
Atm messages women on only fans requesting they wear a nicotine patch on their lower back for a month and then send it to him.
in a recent survey it was discovered the 94% of women lost their virginity to atm. The other 6% were incredibly fat or ugly
"SCP? Shit Cum Piss?" - ATM
"You want a Pepsi?"-atms doctor, "No I prefer cock" -atm
atm hired a team to make sure that he wouldn't shit himself. After 5 years without any incidents, atm decided to make them all redundant, forcing him to change every pair of pants he owned in the following week
ATM donated to the Make Kanye a Billionaire Again GoFundMe page
ATM probably likes sumata
Neil Breen is slated to direct Atm's biographical film
ATM got beat up by an 8 year old.
atm made a crucifix in 3rd grade by gluing a Goku action figure to a cross, its still hanging in living room
Atm uses toy Hulk hands as a sex toy
atm ate all the pocky
atm contains sensitive content 🥺
Atm lost the pocky game against Obama
ATM kins Jeffrey the Giraffe
ATM's 5th entry in his bucket list is filming a porno with Zach Braff
Atm thinks Kanye West and Adam West are brothers
atm's "vibes" playlist is just anime OPs and eurobeat
atm's meal on fridays is 3 cigarettes
god DAMNIT atm there was a baby with that bathwater and you know it.
atm's idea of cardio is chasing elderly people around the mall with clown shoes
atm steam cleans his nipples
ATM is sop fucking dumb
today atm said 交尾 instead of 尾行 on accident and it was very embarrassing
ATM gotta pee
atm has celebrated lowtax's death day for the past 12 years
atm's tummy hurts and he's being very annoying about how brave he thinks he is
discord among U.S jews over atm's rampant antisemitism
*ATM about to have sex with a girl named Katrina* : "Alexa, play my favorite song by The Scorpions"
ATM has never been on top of it
"Hate the people, love the food, that's what I always say!" -atm
ATM sold death cap to unsuspecting concert goers at Coachella.
ATM stole the precious thing.
ATM speaks exclusively in mid 2000s Touhou memes.
ATM can't cook
ATM actually has all manga tropes at once
ATM relentlessly tries to seriously make one of those glasses-nose-mustache disguises work and will never give up
atm stenterellesco
atm has been selling forged n-word passes
atm invented weed 2: the weedening
the trumpets are heralding atm's coming
ATM farms oysters in his back yard
atm wishes he had cool good at card games autism instead of Bionicles autism
ATM calls phat his "senegal bushbaby"
Atm is seen going to pekora's house every day wearing a chimpanzee fursuit
Atm makes watersports fetish art, making him a piss drawer
Atm calls getting fucked by a Greek man being "garlic bred"
For his famous onion soup, Atm puts 3 whole unpeeled onion into a pot filled with water and boils them for 40 minutes.
atm's skin doesn't fit right
ATM wants a "paizurimjob" from "your mom"
Atm lights three cigarettes on one match
ATM vibrates when you cuck him
When the people he loves are at their lowest and turning to ATM for support, he belittles them
atm breastfeeds sickly animals he finds in the woods (this includes the homeless)
atm is a p-tuber. He recently had to deal with a fan who did a fake leak implying his leaks were fake
atm still owns and regularly uses a VCR
ATM likes to imagine he's eating the endangered species
ATM was part of a visual kei band in the 90s.
atm was a power user on r/trees in 2014
ATM got rotated.
Atm became head of the organized crime scene by whacking off all the competition
Atm doesn't take Flintstones vitamins but he does take Mickey Mouse boner pills
Atm broke a contract in bed
ATM has nuanced conversations about reclamation before calling teens slurs
atm shaves his dick
atm invented a meme where you take a knife and cut all the skin off a person
atm made a film in which he kidnaps merth and uses a hunting knife to not cut, but, like, shave his skin off. like if you take a knife and a carrot and put the edge of the knife orthogonally to the carrot and drag it so you're like peeling it, but it doesn't peel off nicely, it becomes all rough and probably hurts a lot, he did it like that
atm wrote a comic book where he uses a stand mixer to murder phat
atm has written multiple stories about murdering swedish people
atm wants to murder me with a sharp instrument like a knife or a potato peeler
ATM made falafel scream with a whisk
atm denies this, but the truth of the matter is that the racist atm facts i dm to phat and the rapey atm facts i dm to atm are, while apocryphal, completely true
ATM is yumejo
ATM is an excellent source of vitamin a and fiber
ATM refers to his dick as "The Sword of Damocles"
ATM's favorite porn trope is when the girl turns out to be an Egyptian god trying to trick humans
Atm still misses her (Margaret Thatcher)
Atm runs a food delivery company named DingDongDash. He'll bring the food to your door and if you can spot him after he rings the doorbell you actually get to eat your food
ATM has a biological auger within his bowels
atm hosts all his bots on merth's machines
ATM likes large indie vtubers like shylily and chibidoki, he often talks about them on the large indie global thread (/lig/), and he loves calling them liggers!!!
they found atm with the nut still in his mouth
ATM is more educated than you
atm has a master
holy crap guys, atm just shit himself!
Atm was found posting about the last of us 2 as late as 2037
Atm posts on stormfront with a pomu avatar
Atm regularly complains about diversity quotas even though it has never affected him
Atm rolls the shittiest blunts you've ever seen but damn do they hit the right spot
Atm refers to everyone at the renaissance fair as their racial origin
ATM has pooped in the car
Atm keeps some hot wheels in the bathroom for when he's gotta do a particularly difficult poop
ATM had his bathroom renovated to have those public toilet partitions instead of walls around his toilet
ATM uses Jay Leno's chin as target practice.
Atm wants to cum but Kamala Harris won’t let him
You can probably guess what ATM's parody of "Lag train" is called.
Aww shit, ATM just hit the griddy.
ATM stole Rick Sanchez's portal gun to go to the dimension where he's Kamala Harris's shoes.
atm is a member of the axis cult but he has no aqua merch anywhere. Just a bunch of Japanese, German and Italian memorabilia
atm wants to pee
ATM is considered a side-dish
Atm insists that it's not a swastika, it's the kanji for his name
Inspired by memes, ATM is galaxy-bowel
ATM is the CEO at Bad Dragon; he's runs a tight ship, with an iron fist.
atm's favorite youtube is Clint Plamadaty, a man you've never heard of who somehow has 24 million subscribers
ATM eats cold cream of mushroom soup straight from the can
Atm sneaks into hair salons at night to eat the loose hair on the floor
watch out when walking around atm's house, he suffers from really intense pop-in
ATM is classified as an artificial sweetener and according to the ADA can help prevent tooth decay and cavities by increasing the flow of saliva.
atm contacted hololive executives to pitch his new vtuber themed caustic soda but got rejected once he told them the name he came up with for the product
"Ur good [...] in bed lol" -atm
ATM ate doggles's goggles
ATM got a blue wig, some sake, and a one way train ticket to Washington D.C.
ATM thinks "AOC" means ATM Of Color.
ATM can dance, he can jive, having the time of his life.
atm has nikke air jordans
atm is the host of the great british jerk off
for the longest time, atm thought that a twitch stream was the shivers you get when you piss
atm had Mr Hands as a penpal
atm's mom shook him a lot as a baby
Atm cannot be left alone with a dullahan he'll try to take their head and fart on it
"INJECT THIS STRAIGHT INTO MY VEINS" ~ ATM at his local bakery ordering jelly donuts
ATM is willing and able to do abortion play ASMR
atm's favorte Jojo character is Joshu
atm is just waiting for the next bus to come and by jove aren't we all
ATM blinds puppies
ATM : <:cringe:831931313044062279>  || ATM, Japan : <:based:831931312872226837>
atm bought two wooden swords on his trip to hokkaido
atm doesn't have a family crest but he does have a family colgate
There’s a loaded gun with the safety off just sitting on the back of ATM’s toilet
ATM opposes anti-trust laws
ATM is studying necromancy for his ED
ATM is dumb and gay
*atm in the teachers' lounge* "man the best thing about this job is that you can just like, eat a kid if you're hungry!" || The other teachers: "dude what? you can't eat the kids!" || atm: *shocked pikachu face*
atm snores going honk shoo honk shoo
ATM be like "i invented beastforce" 🤡🤡🤡
Atm is a fish doctor
ATM is future proof.
ATM is a ticked off adult introvert.
atm beat matt turk blindfolded
Ever since atm flew virgin airways they've been unable to find a new name
In certain areas of Missouri, the saying "a monkey with a machine gun" has been replaced by "atm with a Honda civic" in the local vernacular
ATM wears a blindfold and a hindfold to block the vision of his eyes and butt
atm keeps reading yuri manga to get in touch with his feminine side, blissfully unaware of the target demographic
atm is in the top percentage of rattatas
ATM is a soul man 🎷
ATM tried to bring John Belushi back from the dead but accidentally resurrected Jim Varney instead.
ATM built his home with an airing cupboard and a wetting cupboard
Atm bought a cowbell not for the Blue oyster Cult joke but to simulate the full sensory experience of fucking Ganyu
ATM's favorite ship is Gold Ship x USS Missouri
Atm did motion capture for Nikke
atm got some muffintop sitch going on with his stockings 😓
atm is a first time dom
Atm has a pec tattoo that will eventually become a maze tattoo
Sometimes atm wears all denim and goes frolicking in the forest for a few weeks. It's actually his alter ego Jean Wilddeer
ATM greets all his black friends with "胸が"
ATM sounds like he eats a lot of karaage and listens to JP the Wavy
Atm likes to state the obvious
haha oops atm got a paper cut on his scrotum while he was pressing lemons !
Someone found the json serialization of atm. Doing a search on the term "pee" crashed any computer it was tried on
ATM is an undocumented sycophant
There is such a thing as being objectively funny. The simplest way is asking atm and if he laughs you know it's not objectively unfunny
ATM pronounces "elope" like "elote"
atm's dying thoughts guided his reincarnation which is why he's now the bathroom at a gay nightclub in the 80s
ATM may have evolved biologically isolated, in a sealed cave in Mexico, with what is believed to have once been a diverse population of gay men.
ATM is trying to get all the sexiest supervillains together to create "The legion of Coom"
atm gets a lot better after season 7 trust me bro just watch the first 7 seasons then its totally worth it
ATM hasn't pooped in days
ATM is actually Brazilian, his full name is ATM De Souza Santos Ramirez Ronaldo Silva Jr.
It's a war crime to be atm
When ATM posts hole (or hog), he posts it in the food channel
ATM got his law degree at elegal.com
ATM eats his fingernail and toenail clippings out of fear he'll run out
atm walks around pinching people and saying "proof that you're not dreaming; that'll be $4.99"
Atm does porn under the name Squirt Ho-Bang
atm has travelled here from the far-off canny valley
Atm has nice breasts
ATM is time grown old
Atm beckons to you, you are fag.
ATM is his own cousin
ATM "Jeff" "Guy" "ATM Guy" Moon
ATM likes to ponder volumes of forgotten lore
If you bend atm at the waist and give him a shake, he glows in the dark
ATM has a poopy butthole
how long does atm need to stay in the hot tub for al dente
atm got covid from eating Kamala Harris's used tissues
atm's prison term was commuted when the state determined that keeping him incarcerated was a waste of state resources
ATM in the club be like ₍₍ (ง ˘ω˘ )ว ⁾⁾
atm crashes shockbot
atm's sex bucket is full
ATM has a peg leg
ATM likes to surprise the kids of families he knows by gifting puppies, cats, and ferrets unannounced and it's really hard on the parents.
ATM is heptapedal
the worlds first AGI wanted to spend it's time looking at 2d girls so in order to satisfy and dupe it's engineers, it coerced thugs into holding ATM hostage to look for new primes
If you punch ATM hard enough he makes the Pac-Man dying noise
atm summoned a demon and it took them back to the 90s and they got an apartment together and...
Similar to my ferrets, ATM has an absolutely gigantic pair of old jeans (relative to his body size) that he crawls into to sleep at night
atm has a cat named lovecraft
atm likes his women like he likes the mostly asymptomatic cancer thats currently going to town on his brain, blood and lymph nodes: aggressive
atm's favorite anime is aggretsuko
ATM was considered so disturbing in Canada that parts of him have been banned, but in other countries he's just seen as humorous and cartoonish.
ATM was created with injection molding
ATM was ABAB (Assigned Bottom At Birth)
ATM stole his parent's credit card and purchased $2,000 of salty snacks at the grocery and forgot a drink
atm always tries to cheat in scrabble
ATM is 2.6% sub-saharan african, that's where he got his funny lips
Please be patient, ATM is artistic.
ATM doesn't even know basic math 😂😂😂
atm keeps making amvs with wwii footage but they never get more than a few views
atm has been burying hatchets in his neighbor's back yard for months now but they still hate him
atm owns a Japanese shrine maiden outfit in Jhonty's size for what he claims are "completely normal and not suspicious reasons but please stop asking about it"
atm's intestines are dragging behind him and he hasn't noticed yet, embarrassing!
atm sees some of these facts and cries a little because the fact is horrible and he regrets ever giving us this kind of freedom and now its way too late to stop it
atm hands you the boof, do you accept or shoot him like the Sicilian dog he is?
atm calls them steamed hams despite the fact they're obviously grilled
ATM is extremely racist against lactose.
"Cry havoc and let slip the PAWGs of war! Its military night here at Sleazy Pete's Pole Palace!" *starts playing a bass boosted rendition of the National Anthem* -atm, strip club DJ
atm is no longer welcome as a clown at the local children's hospital after a cancer kid told him his routine was "gay and cringe" and atm responded by throwing his chemo bag out the window and said "well I may be gay and cringe but at least I saw my 10th birthday"
atm is a little piggy
Atm says "vacaysh"
ATM's bussy can squirt.
ATM is about to go beast mode on some hamburgers.
ATM would rather eat fried fish breaded with Newt Gingrich's scabs than french toast soaked in Mitch McConnell's cum
ATM thought being a "brocon" meant being a huge fan of broccoli.
ATM pronounces the N word with soft Gs
ATM tells people that their wives taste like Honey Nut Cheerios.
It's November 24th,2002 and ATM is VERY excited to have court side seats for the Detroit Pistons vs Indiana Pacers game!
atm was renewed for a 2nd cour after he did a beach episode OVA
ATM is pronouncing Se7en sesevenen gang
atm camped out near the recycling bin outside of the Hololive offices so that he could lick all the empty bottles and claim he had an indirect kiss with his oshi
atm is like a condom
ATM added a fart mod to Nikke
ATM just invented anti-homeless architecture!
atm is feeling a little down but he'll get through it; he's been trough so much worse and he's grown so much; I'm really proud of him
"you either die a hero or live long enough to become the vilain..." -atm, reacting to the criticism of his Waffen SS uniform
If atm wants to have a wank while thinking of someone, he WILL message them and ask for permission and describe the scenario they'll be involved in
atm still plays dota underlords
atm uses the kanji form of chotto
atm died after the port-a-potty he was masturbating in was hit by a cement truck
atm was brought back to life after his family sold his corpse to a necromancer so he could "do weird sex stuff to it"
ATM wants to recreate Highlander but with dicks.
ATM puts his peanuts in the all the wrong places
atm was summoned to another world where he was mistaken for a lost royalty (their caste system is based on penis size)
fossilized proto-atm's have been found encased in Baltic amber causing leading atmologists to theorize that the Baltic region used to at one point be a suitable environment for atms
atm: "Sorry about my voice guys I have strap throat" || merth: don't you mean *strep* throat? || *atm looking at his girlfriend*: "no, strap"
atm's girlfriend goes to another scool
atm wants Korone to peg him
ATM doesn't have a good reputation.
Atm doesn't give a damn about his bad reputation
ATM has a glitched out mental breakdown when he was told he was no longer allowed to drink gamer girl pee.
Unfortunately, ATM's Defecation of Prague was looked over in many European history books.
ATM was very disappointed when he found out the citizens of Denmark aren't filled with cherry or cream cheese.
ngl atm goes hard
ATM moisturizes with pizza drippings
atm developed the most advanced video game character creator known to man but somehow all the skin options are, let's say, melanin-challenged
ATM insists on being called Pretty Little Fuckmeat on wednesdays
Make sure ATMs internal temperature reaches 165° before serving
ATM is Herobrine
atm has no less than 15 distinct hair whorls, four of which are on his head
ATM is one of those weird white women that acts like Hocus Pocus was a good movie.
Here in ATM's garage.... He just stole this new Lamborghini
ATM got that Hank Hill ass.
atm is working hard on implementing the set of real numbers, internally represented as sequences of rational numbers, each converging to a respective real number
atm can be omniscient, omnipotent, and omnibenevolent, but never all three at once
ATM is on dialysis
Every year Atm has an ounce of JFK's blood transfused into him so that he can become more like JFK
atm needs to sleep and convalesce but he keeps staying up late instead
ATM designed the Pokemon Jynx, and he knew exactly what he was doing.
Atm's favorite Pokemon is cocknball
ATM has haptic feedback nipples
ATM has to put honey mustard and kosher salt on your toes before he sucks them
ATM's favourite Final Fantasy game is Chrono Trigger
ATM is a cumdog millionaire
Atm likes his smartphones like he likes his cocks, folding
ATM isn't very poignant.
Atm has left many 1 star reviews for restaurants after the waiting staff refused to spoonfeed him
ATM got engaged to a woman he just met.
Atm wanted a shotgun wedding but no minister wanted to officiate a wedding between a man and a firearm
Atm got fired from his job at Arby’s for stomping on a rat then serving it to a customer
ATM’s chair broke while he was sitting on it
ATM's toilet broke while he was shitting on it
ATM’s hole broke while he was shitting out it
ATM farted so hard he ripped a hole in his jeans.
Atm bows to the clerk at his local convenience store
ATM suffers from a genetic disorder known as "Being hella gay, like, for real"
atm is the only girl member of a student council full of pretty boys
in high school, the glee club, the theater kids and the spirit squad came together to beat the shit out of atm for being annoying and campy
ATM was a Buffalo Soldier.
ATM was the equipment manager for the local baseball team, they called him "batty boi" for a multitude of reasons.
"ATM is the perfect guy. Independently wealthy; donates his time to charity; 6'9" 140lbs, lean; and I think he hunts, I smell deer urine on him frequently."
Atm got tickets to a Horsegirl show and instead of anime horse girl idols he got a mid post-punk duo from Chicago
ATM wears his school swimsuit as underwear.
ATM's favorite breakfast item is fentanyl-laced froot loops with no milk
Atm James Bond Burger'd your mom last time
Atm never shuts the fuck up about idiocracy being a documentary
Atm fries his turkey in the garage so he doesn’t have to stand out in the cold
"I'm Ghana say the n word" - atm, upon learning of the existence of Ghana
atm vacuums his asscrack
atm steam cleans his foreskin
atm powerwashes his mouth
atm bleaches his armpits
atm got off with a warning last time he did 90 in a school zone because the cop subscribes to his patreon
atm fell down a rabbithole and the rabbits are currently trying to eat his toenails
Atm is a sexy little kitty cat for daddy
Atm has 88 in his username because that’s the year he was born again after becoming a vessel for Hitler’s soul
Atm is the frontman of a Beatles cover band named The long and winding chode
ATM starred in: Avatar the last bender
ATM thinks "ethnic cleansing" is giving PoC a bath.
ATM is an expert in everything but refuses to give any advice on anything
ATM farted while getting a rimjob from your boyfriend
Atm gets mad when people post sexual fan art of his comfort character
ATM is a robot maid who runs on cum
Atm just googled “how often is too often when it comes to doing meth?”
the principal walked in when atm was chugging an entire bottle of wine while his students cheered him on, awkward!
ATM loves a bright sunny day, running barefoot through the ass
atm misunderstood that famous saying as "pain leads to gain"
ATM is gonna deep fry his frozen turkey today!
ATM communicates through interpretive drooling
sometimes atm will stare at you, meow, and then immediately start licking his own crotch
atm is the sinful one
You should always put stickers in ATM's windows otherwise he runs into them repeatedly
I can't help it! I love peanut butter and this isn't fair! -atm
ATM get chance and luck 😎
ATM nominated phat for Gangrenous Black Person of the Year 2013
this year atm is thankful he got to stuff the turkey
atm knows 10,000 things which honestly isn't actually a lot
atm ran a train on a deer, they were still finding little bits of it in the undercarriage for weeks
ATM may look like the rest of us, but he's VERY different. In the brain.
ATM created Ben Stiller from clay and pig's blood so he could star in Shazam (2019)
ATM wears that glove thing when he bowls
ATM coined every racial slur
atm's hole is frankly incredible
atm uses the toilet in his dreams
The homeless shelter has received many complaints about the *homemade* stuffing ATM drops off every Thanksgiving
ATM likes bullpup rifles only because the FN P90 looks cool and futuristic, but doesn't actually know what a bullpup rifle is.
ATM also loves the "pup" portion of "bullpup"
NO! ATM, that's not what "bullpup" means!!!
atm is bleeding from his ears
more like arith-ma-dick -atm
*atm at open mic night*: "hey guys this next song is about an issue thats very near and dear to me, I wan't y'all to really listen to the words and the message and take it to heart! Anyway its called 'Race Mixing Is a Sin'" *starts playing the keytar*
atm is pregante
atm uses propane-powered roller skates
atm bought his vacuum based on which one sucked the best dick
atm nicknamed his vacuum kobeni
Atm is pedantic about beer types
atm now comes in an injectable form, ask your drug dealer about it today!
atm's drug dealer went to medical school and now sells him weed AND writes him scripts for Viagra
atm found a shoe on the beach with a foot still in it
atm's parents didn't bother babyproofing the house
atm shows up at your door wearing a maid outfit and holding a box of condoms and a duffel bag full of weed, what you do?
An atm alert has been issued for 7:00 PM, Friday, November 25, 2022, per the District of Columbia's ATM Plan. The National ATM Service reports atms will be excessively horny. Stay inside, armor up if you go out, call 311 or 202-399-7093 for shelter transport, and report animal emergencies to the Humane Rescue Alliance at 202-723-5730.
Oh boy it's ATM rutting season
theres a concerning amount of statues and art of atm around Italy
on Fridays, atm and the other teachers push the desks into a ring and make the children fight while they place bets on them
the main use of atm's teeth is grinding other teeth
the atm beach episode has only ever aired in countries that don't have an extradition treaty with the United States
the lochness monster was actually atm floating on his back
atm got his dick sucked by a blackhole
atm has a sex butt and a poop butt, the sex butt is for sex and the poop butt is for poop. Now, both are pretty similar looking so choose carefully! He can also use both butts at the same time but he charges extra for that.
Instead of the year-end Wrapped, Spotify sent atm a list of local therapists
atm kissed merth
ATM is a MAP (Merth Attracted Person)
ATM just spent $58.36 on a Taco Bell order for one (he is going to fart so much tomorrow)
atm is really bad for your liver
Atm failed penis inspection day in gym class
ATM pitched the spinoff Malcolm in the Middle East
atm really hates their taste but he never leaves bay keaves uneaten
incoming freshman instinctually knew to bully atm in high school
atm is not wearing pants or underwear under the kotatsu, his wiener is just fully out
atm doesn't remember hardly anything
you should not be operating heavy machinery after consuming atm
atm made a 350 slide powerpoint about which Love Live character would most likely bring a gun to school then atm tied Jhonty to a chair and made him watch the presentation
atm is a dude rock
atm found a weirdly dressed girl draped over his balcony railing and just pushed her off instead of dealing with that shit
Atm is quite the coomer lol
I wrote all the atm facts
atm just made a fuck ton of pastries while hanging out with the guy he likes who's actually some annoying jerk wearing a wig
ATM is Agatha "Jeffster" Plimbo
ATM titled all of Agatha Christie's books
You just know which Agatha Christie novel is ATM's favorite.
ATM is hosting the new Netflix series Pimp My Bride
atm picked jher up on his motorcycle but only had the one helmet and oh jeez this isn't great
ATM's feet are just... lol.
ATM is young,dumb,and full of rum(he had fallen into alcoholism at a young age)
ATM invented sending death threats to Jeff Bridges
atm is yung lean
ATM does merch stuff for yung lean along with my sister's boyfriend's sister's boyfriend
atm's birth certificate was clearly made in MS Paint
Atm is in a contract with the Anal Prolapse Devil
Atm was in the AV Club in high school
ATM hung up a new mirror in the bathroom using the warhammer 40,000
Atm owns a small hole in the wall in NYC. That's right, Atm is the proud owner of Manhattan's most public glory hole
ATM dresses his ~~amazon hub-thing~~ alexa like vtubers
ATM was fired from his job as a cock rater for saturating the market with "BEST FREAKING COCK EVER!!!" ratings.
all of the clocks in atm's house are wrong. Some run at the wrong speed, some run backwards, some just display random numbers every minute. If you look closely at the faces everything is just wrong and these maddening clocks only become more distorted as you go deeper into his house and why is his house so big? It wasn't this big on the outside where are the windows what darkness do I stare into? What darkness do I walk into?
deep in ATM's house every room is a bathroom
wow actual romance is NOT like all the books atm reads!
ok it turns out romance is actually like atm's books but he was just gay and hadn't realized it yet
ATM is the European back alley doctor champion.
ATM is leaking hot gas into the atmosphere
ATM's favorite food is chimp fried rice
to prevent your teeth from chattering when you're cycling, put your tongue between your teeth -atm
never look at your phone for more than 15 seconds while driving -atm
atm will buy you any drugs you want if you ask
ATM is a scatophile (he fucked a poo)
ATM is erect
ATM has been using an ear thermometer incorrectly for 7 years.
ATM gained superhuman powers after being bitten by a radioactive Ben Shapiro
Atm lists MCU and DCEU movies when someone mentions their favorite stories in the last couple of years
Whenever Japan is brought up in conversation, ATM must bring up anime somehow.
ATM reads psych notes at work to feel better about himself.
ATM has trained every single AI to accurately recreate Kamala Harris's feet
ATM uses his blowtorch on wet hay bales
Atm's go to karaoke song is the Aqua Teen Hunger Force theme song
ATM loves necrodemon terrorsatan
atm spells it "kan'u" instead. he's just that weird
atm spells it "koumei" instead. He's just that weeb
ATM named his ~~daughter~~ ~~female offspring~~ child-hole Obamaly
Atm respects fictional women more than he respects real women
atm picks the weird song with the made up language from nier automata every time he goes karaoke and he constantly messes it up
ATM greases his hair with fish oil
"Shut up, book" -atm, talking to his pocket bible that floats near him
atm tries to be rice
atm is unnecessarily cruel to his friends even when they're trying to be nice
ATM is requesting a small knob of butter
ATM is a child of God.
ATM died twice
Every summer ATM crosses the milky way(state line) to reunite with his lover (ex-wife) to receive her weavings ( stupid kid they have joint custody of).
ATM exclusively refers to his mom with homophobic slurs
"Come on just 5 retweets and I'll take my pants off!!" -atm sweating
ATM makes 1lb of nuts disappear every day.
ATM can be activated (erotically, as it were) with a phrase tattooed on his wrist
ATM has big naturals.
Atm invented the asshole blowjob
Atm has died from a funny disease!
The 1998 film Armageddon was actually a reimagining of the events following ATM's diagnoses of kidney stones
ATM had to hit  quicksave/quickload on the universe again after bungling his opening line with the cute cashier at Target
ATM's balls have dropped 3 times so far???
Sweden's first ATM ball farm WHERE FALAFEL USES A COMBINE HARVESTER AND ATM SCREAMS "yikerino my wongles been pogged!"
Chris Pratt, in a bored voice, playing atm in The ATM Movie : "I hate women"
Atm won the porn collector of the year award in 2003
ATM has been a big help to Joe Biden in the War On Cringe
ATM is starting a company like build-a-bear workshop(?) for fur-suits
atm thinks he doesn't think he understands himself but he does
atm was able to finish in a year and a half
ATM is the greatest of all time, see
atm doesn't have to put on the red light, but he will
atm has to resort to divining what others mean every time they say something to him
Atm has fallen for every moral panic
Atm fucks books
ATM robbed the little match girl.
Atm bought matches to light his bong
ATM has some business(?) cards reading "Pisstritionist"
ATM is gonna cast ATM's Pissfinity on you unless you back the fuck off
ATM can't see the violence inherent in the system
atm's cat left a severed human hand on his doorstep
atm's janitor left a severed human cock in his mailbox
ATM buys weed from his landlord.
ATM thought the Holocaust was a "funny idea".
ATM is cowardly, until he eats some ~~Scooby~~ ATM Snacks (discarded placenta)
atm wanted to learn a romance language but accidentally learned german
ATM has a .pdf in Kicking Your Ass
ATM cums like a John Woo shotgun.
atm has severe brain damage from doing drugs ("drugs" is what he calls riding a motorcycle without a helmet)
ATM has been banned from the Labor and Delivery floor for trying to unionize the newborns.
atm oscillates
atm is the inventor of estoy poop
Atm is soy because of the buildings he frequents
Atm thinks boob window refers to his neighbors bathroom window
atm hired a bad overnight plumber and woke up to a tap on the door.
atm loaded 5 suitcases full of ammo, a carryon with a sawed-off shotgun and hijacked a plane bound for sweden saying "he had to do humanity a favor"
Atm has a very unhealthy parasocial relationship with himself
Atm did the strip game on Twitter but started off naked and gradually started flaying himself much to the horror of his oomfies
The infamous Ted Cruz butter cow was churned from atm milk
ATM is a 1 on the Richter scale
ATM's favorite song is Oddloop by Frederic.
atm got trampled by a horse
ATM doesn't pay child support
ATM is cringekino
ATM wishes he could become Frank Sinatra but instead he made a shitty adult cartoon on FOX.
ATM doesn't know how to properly pour a beer.
pour a glass of atm for dinner
ATM is a man of constant sorrow.
ATM is a men's rice activist
Pain, fear, end, fury, sorrow, joy. This is what atm feels every time he poos
Atm has a child bearing waist
Atm has big wood submission
Atm whimpers during ovulation
atm sings the kokkuri-san op when he thinks no one is listening
atm sings the osomatsu-san op to anyone who's willing to listen
atm doesn't understand elevators. He gets in a magical box and when he exits he's in a different world
Every December atm dresses as Santa and approaches mature women in the streets singing I saw mommy kissing santa claus
atm built this server in a cave with a box of scraps
Atm labbed the optimal damage route for JFK
Atm owns a buttcrack detailing business
ATM mogs threadwatchers
atm was super pissed when he finally watched yuruyuri and himawari and sakurako didn't even fuck
atm's molecular composition is 99% identical to that of an Atari Jaguar
Queen Victoria: hey, || ATM: prithee suck my dick bitch
ATM gives his toughest battles to his strongest mandingo
atm owns a copy of the big book of british smiles
atm can see in the tv world without glasses
ATM injects his friends with soy when they are asleep.
ATM enjoys packing people's luggage for them
ATM's been assaulted for the way he eats hot dogs in public
atm reached sexual maturity at 40 years of age
atm reached age 40 at 20 years old
atm is about to make a pit stop if you know what I mean
atm described the entire plot of his favorite anime including headcanons on his last date. There was not a 2nd date
atm stopped going on dates after the marriage
Atm tried to develop a bot that suggests recipes based on the contents on his smart fridge. He ended up creating the most racist AI ever made
atm has a landline and uses the word "album"
Atm took 12 xannies and now shows clear symptoms of being a deer
On dating apps, atm sends women close-up photos of his backseat telling them "POV you after a date"
No one is sure what atm meant when he said he wants "some of that Abby Shapiro jussy"
Atm is having an average day and he's gonna make it everybody's problem
Atm once worked for Dreamworks and left all of his smash mouth tapes lying around, not knowing how much he was about to alter history
ATM owns a pub in Dublin called The Rancid Faggot
Atm keeps arguing with the artists alley people that the figurines of his favorite anime girl are too expensive. That's right he's a Holo cost denier
atm really doesn't see why people are upset with what Kanye is saying. In his mind, George bush truly doesn't care about black people
atm claimed CSI was the reason he was getting dental prints of all of his friends but it turns out he just wanted to know who would theoretically give the best head
Atm got a job as a hotel maid to extract and sell clients' DNA
ATM came up with several mods for his favorite game, including - but not limited to - corrective, punitive, and wartime!
ATM ruins library books out of spite
atm pours on library books sprite
atm: "They say it takes a dragon to tame a tiger" || goggledog: "sure but I don't think the KKK robes will help, besides, the tigers already finished eating those kids" || atm: "Just let me have this ok?"
Atm airdrops his nudes to every iPhone in his area wherever he goes
ATM is surprisingly unslutty
Atm thinks Gone with the wind is about a shart
atm just DM'd goggledog about how much he thinks you suck
this christmas atm is getting the gift of love (worthless)
atm evaluates his saber-toothed subordinates using sabermetrics
atm didn't get enough attention from his friends so he killed one of them
atm has an extensive collection of anime girl feet pics
57% of the Kurt Cobain x Winchester fanfics on AO3 are by atm. However, unlike the other 43%, atm's don't involve characters from hit TV show Supernatural
"i put in a few bugs only i can fix" -atm says in a hushed tone
atm ain't afraid to show it
atm will butter you
ATM is a pesky garage urchin
atm listens only to one song from underoath that a guy he met on counter strike 1.6  in like 2006 showed him
ATM wears the EEG electrodes in this relationship
ATM is an awful person. Fantastic deer.
atm cried at the end of Jaws
The rest of Team Spica was horrified when atm showed up at the hospital and euthanized Silence Suzuka with a shotgun after she broke her ankle
atm has been teaching Nick's kids how to bully him when they're old enough to talk
ATM brought a mop to the world cup because he heard Argentina is a bit Messi.
atm gets sexually excited by the third rail at train stations
ATM wants a 40 foot tall woman to throw him across the city.
ATM cares way too deeply about college sports.
ATM wants to be projected really hard
ATM actually enjoys Boston.
ATM was Nilou's dance instructor.
ATM commissioned the infamous whitewashed Steven Universe fanarts
ATM mastered the Mungus Blast.
Every single Dullahan has a restraining order against ATM.
If ATM feels threatened, he will adopt a combat stance and start a verbal barrage, featuring slurs such as "straggot", "cuckservative", and "incognegro"
ATM has natty dreadlocks
atm is >NOT< sexually attracted to dogs
Atm: Fucking love these dirty sluts and how obviously cock-hungry they are with the way they put themselves out. God fucking damn || The zookeeper:
atm will never walk again
ATM is pro-gun (if the gun is a penis)
ATM misinterpreted "cock inflation" now the price of chicken in the grocery store is ridiculously high.
Atm has a long and surprisingly convincing argument about how Richard Nixon was a classic tsundere
ATM is the new Dr. Nipple
ATM speedruns Custer's Revenge
atm gets really excited about certain lineups of QI panelists
ATM would like to talk to you about Q
ATM came so hard he fucking exploded
ATM loves to put his Tan in your Teppou
ATM is the reason there is suffering and despair in this world.
ATM loves Jolly Ranchers and will give you one whenever you ask
atm is a fervent supporter of open-carry (if the gun is a penis)
ATM made you a scarf out of his bellybutton lint.
Atm has been running a UHF station since the late 90s that only shows frames of Evangelion where Rei is on screen
ATM spent 260 bucks during a visit to unclaimed property in Wisconsin
ATM was Japan's penalty kick coach.
Uh oh, atm just changed his profile pic to a marble statue
Every Sunday Atm goes to the public library to do some crop dusting
ATM's mouth says no, but his body says yes.
atm loves chicks' piss
ATM hides anime pornography in his pores
Ooooo I don’t like to gossip but I heard atm grilled and ate God
ATM is a really nice guy.
Atm has Saturday Night Fever and we're afraid he might not recover. Please send your thoughts and prayer towards as he tries to combat the boogie
Atm would make a good housewife
atm keeps getting his hyperbolic paraboloid stuck in hyperboloids
they say atm teaches middle schoolers but sometimes its the middle schoolers that teach *him*. No seriously, they taught him how to read
Atm collects boysweat
ATM happy
ATM sells 70% isopropyl antisemitic wipes
ATM is the reason the racist chicken crossed the road
The first donations to ATM's GoFundMe for a prostitute were from his parents
atm has an ear infection in his left eye
ATM has an alluring smell
Atm's smile brightens up the room
ATM will go out of his way to be helpful
ATM uses an echidna on a stick as a back scratcher
ATM is sexually attracted to monotremes
ATM makes eggs out of plastic so he can swallow them and feel like he's laying eggs
ATM can't keep getting away with it
Atm trained in Trinidad in order to become a limbo champion
ATM still makes his soap with lard and lye
You'll never guess where atm's sixth nipple is
ATM is a prisoner in his own mind
ATM is about to take you out on a date to the aquarium.
ATM is like the forest: mysterious and full of wolves
ATM has been to the doctor to have smarties removed from his body three times
ATM asked Michael J Fox why he is so fidgety all the time.
ATM has never ingested Smarties orally
ATM turned Michael J Fox into a tiny little guy and put him inside a capsule and put him in his butt next to the prostate
ATM uses normal boiled eggs like tenga eggs
ATM and his wife stay together for the kids; though they don't have any of their own
ATM has a thigh gap
Atm's belly is full of bacon and it was meant for shakin'
Atm is a nonbinary woman
ATM created a DOOM mod that lets you set your pronouns and hair color
ATM only manifests physically when someone is fantasizing about him
ATM can't have sex because a witch cursed his genitals
Atm built a dwarf fortress irl (he used school children)
Atm is nailing posters about his "Naruto sex party" on every telephone pole in town
For Destroy Dick December, atm bought a shotgun and printed out a list of famous Richards.
Atm realized too late that advertising products as "cum-free" only made customers suspicious
Atm wants to be crushed under a ton of shredded cabbage (sexual style)
ATM's poop schedule is perfectly synchronized with Sir Elton John's
ATM is a Korean poop star
ATM is a contract killer
ATM wants Jim Henson to stick his hand up his ass and control him like Kermit the Frog.
"oh that's me!" -ATM (I could tell by the hogtiedsissyslut)
atm never misses a shot (if the gun is a penis)
Atm is cranking his hog outside the orphanage much to the delight of all the children that think his motorcycle is cool
ATM is holding a "No Loads Denied" event where he helps people with their laundry.
Atm doesn't need tissues or running water, he has a load bearing wall
ATM can't afford to "Be gay & do crime", he has to "Be bi & go to work"
atm never crossed a man that didn't deserve it
ATM ships Gordon Ramsay and Gino D'Acampo
ATM loves hog semen
ATM loves you and I love you too
ATM invented going Gobblin' Mode
atm just refuses to fucking let sleeping dogs lie
ATM holds the distinction of being Throat GOAT and Scrote GOAT concurrently
ATM craves the blood of the guilty
for atm, it's on the mouse!
"I'd buy that for a dollar!" - ATM in the deer urine section at Bass Pro Shops
🍭 "Ohhhh I thought you said lolicops" -atm a bit embarrassed
atm went down on himself in a river
ATM is a stupid cat and he doesn't know shit and he doesn't know what it is to be sad
ATM moans real loud when he shits
ATM stormed the field and caused a brawl when he hit one of the players and a ref, 4 different fractures, an ambulance, the game was cancelled and parents were furious.
"HOT BUTTER!!!!!!" ATM screamed, pulling himself from the bucket of popcorn at the lego movie
atm was a Game Cube exclusive
atm makes his kids say the Pledge of Allegiance every morning
ATM is being sued for malpractice by a grape.
atm is moe
In a secret extra chapter it was revealed that all the quints have been atm wearing different wigs all along. That's why we never see more than one of them at the same time.
Atm filed a class-action lawsuits against the Sperm Banks of America for his cum addiction
ATM is a Flamin' Hot Cheetos Footjob Fanatic
ATM is banned from all horse racing due to telling the jockeys to "Eat shit asshole, fall off your horse".
atm was able to defeat airman
Atm has an appropriate sense of self-worth
atm runs a Power fan club based out of Austin, Texas
atm runs a powerpoint emulation of doom
Atm is the 8th most famous Canadian
--atm-gay-bgm
atm lost an entire platoon during the war on christmas
atm was a literal fly on the wall during the meeting when the Among Us bean design was decided by the devs
atm doesn't really understand what a lesbian is
atm once boofed an entire city bus
atm has a popular TikTok channel where he goes around the world to shoot up heroin
atm's magical girl transformation song is "Kryptonite" by 3 Doors Down
Atm doesn’t realize it but he’s actually an integral part of the B plot of an idol anime
Like all great artists, ATM will do anything for money.
ATM can bake bread without an oven
atm just declared war on the war on drugs. The nukes are on their way
The only horseshoe theory that atm believes in is the fact that Mejiro Mcqueen's horse shoe breaking was an inside job at Spica
Atm feels a deep raging sense of jealousy when he thinks about Kamala Harris’s gynecologist
Atm was the inspiration for MLK
Phat: \*becomes ATM's direct superior at work* || ATM: This is just like Jack Arnold's 1975 western film!
ATM can maintain an erection as long as he holds his breath
atm has an AM radio show
atm has a creepy and low key pathetic parasocial relationship with a vtuber on Twitter and frankly its the deepest and most meaningful relationship he's ever had in his life
atm has been listening to a lot of Nirvana lately
ATM is **very** concerned about male rape.
atm always wears a fenestrated drape
ATM is longer than One Piece
ATM's last Christmas ended with him storming off and shouting BAKA HENTAI at the mall Santa
atm keeps reopening the wounds to bleed out the black juju
Atm lost a testicle during a golfing accident but thankfully he was able to get it reattached since he had the right reflex to put it in his mouth
atm has fantasies of being in a magic show and sawn in half and....
atm euthanized Korone
someone gave atm a deer biscuit
atm was made to be impregnated
it is natural to be attracted to atm
atm spends a lot of time carefully picking a book to performatively read on the bus
atm made falafels wear a Pomu wig then he doused him in gasoline and lit him on fire
atm misunderstood that australians say "ute" to mean "flatbed truck" when going to get groceries and now has to explain what he was doing with that ham to security
ATM can tell if it's going to rain when his penis aches
atm uploads anime OPs at 60 fps on youtube thinking it looks good
atm made a dating sim with all the members of this server. It does not have very many good endings
Atm writes captions for porn pics like they're new yorker cartoons
Atm insists on reading manga left to right. He gets the big lines but he's hella confused most of the time
atm is pining for the fjords
The city of Detroit took a man at near death and used every single aspect of modern medical science to turn him into the atm we know and love today. For them it was a huge failure
atm's favorite lockpicking lawyer video is about the Teeho Smart Lock
atm's first spoken word was tatanka
ATM has a pliable asshole
atm loves doing this funny prank where he places books about the holocaust in the historical fiction section
ATM is a girlboss
You can't make an omelette without fertilizing a few eggs -said ATM, as I returned my plate of breakfast to the table
"Its not a fetish! Its a way of life!" -atm, after getting his cock stuck in the vacuum again
atm suffers from GDPR a lot
atm decorates his christmas tree with a kaoru figurine
ATM's bathroom is Obama themed, and he does "the Obama dance" while towling off
ATM's value is in the breast pussy.
you can connect to atm over wifi or bluetooth
Atm is a smooth Rupert
Pounded and stuffed with seasoned butter, then coated with egg and bread crumbs and fried. Voila, ATM Kiev.
Atm went cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs. He's been admitted to the insane asylum ever since he killed a kid in the cereal aisle for trying to take the last box.
atm filed his canine teeth to be pointy so he could be more like his favorite anime characters
atm broke into the zoo last night and shaved all the animals
Atm cannot tell a lie but his parents wish he would
ATM is bae (bad at everything)
ATM cums like an whipped cream can.
atm keeps offering to "foot the bill" at inopportune moments (bill is his crush)
ATM expects everyone else's posts to further the discourse or add to the discussion, but doesn't hold his own posts to that same standard
ATM still uses Reddit lol
ATM makes a multi-paragraph post on every subreddit he leaves detailing the exact reasons he's leaving
Atm is on sale on Steam
ATM was a key figure on both sides of the Waco Siege
ATM greets BLACK folx in one of two ways: || "Howdy, brown sugar", or "Greetings, son of Ham".
The phrase "Oh dear" makes ATM "horny"
Atm presented the famous "Marxism and Autism" presentation with this server as the sole sample data
"Is he, you know, a friend of trains?" -atm, trying to ask if someone is autistic
atm is based on a true story
atm insists that the best way to solve merth's health problem is to crank open merth's butt and then drive a Nazi submarine he found and restored at it at full speed and have the submarine shrink tiny as it goes
ATM's mom look a ape from planet the earth
someone tried to get inside atm to give him superhuman genes and ooooh boy
ATM was banned from Jim Henson's workshop for obvious reasons.
ATM has been talking about "goyslop" a lot recently
Yo, yeah, start the bifter, ATM's gonna do **WHAT** to your little sister?!
Atm sometimes experienced 30th hand embarrassment
Atm is public enemy #1
ATM mistook turbolax for turbotax
Atm once decarbed his pubes
When asked about the moon landings, atm only replies with the skull emoji
we all have fun pressing ATM's buttons, but they're only good for 20million clicks before someone is gonna have to bust him open and put new ones in
Never meet with atm while your belly is exposed unless you want him to shout GROUND CONTROL TO MAJOR TUM before he kisses your tummy
atm bought a mgs pachinko machine
ATM's pornstar name is cream city
atm claims he can cure every virus in the world with vibrations. This is why he's got a hitachi magic wand and a bottle of nyquil at the ready if his friends catch a cold
Atm is loyal to a potato chip brand
atm ate my ass (again) (he is a cannibal)
ATM's gate is down and the enemy is overwhelming his defense
ATM is trying to get his boyfriend to fertilize his ex's frozen eggs.
atm shops at the normal topic
ATM is making a cartoon for young girls called My Little Tony 🇮🇹
atm can't whistle
atm invented a new game "Pash or Smass" where you have to rate your facebook friends with Pash or Smass. No one knows what it means but it won't stop him going full Misery on people to get them to try it
Atm can cum on command and that command is !kamalaharris
ATM wants to do "n-word play" with phat
ATM wants to smash(beat with a baseball bat) falafels 😏
"Help me doctor! I think I'm allergic to penis!" -ATM at the vet
ATM did a ted talk about the holocaust, then five days later he tweeted a picture of borat captioned "...NOT"
Atm would suck off like 7 guys for a good burger right now
Much like the humble state of Missouri, atm is terrible
ATM’s university begrudgingly granted him his PhD for his dissertation on how the Iraq war was an Evangelion reference
ATM likes a good breast frick
atm puts bras on his chickens
atm is a plumber *smile*
ATM is the Lord of the DILF Dungeon
ATM sells fruit cleaning devices on amazon
ATM was disappointed to learn that hit sitcom "Two and a half Men" did not involve an amputee
atm is dating captain arbys
atm is dating carbon
ATM's '97 Honda Civic is much more popular than ATM himself.
Atm finally fulfilled his dream of getting a vtuber pregnant
Atm puts the cum in cucumber
atm's first reaction when he is presented a sock is to sniff intensely
atm thought the dark web referred to black people twitter and worldstar
Uh oh! Atm thought about boy tummy and flooded the floor with drool again
ATM thought "sticky wicket" was a cricket fetish thing.
elon musk gifted atm a horse in exchange for fisting him vigorously
atm has 56 sugar babies
ATM's wrist is hurting but it was worth it for the sick horse he got out of it
In a pinch, between ATMs butt cheeks can be used to cook an eggo waffle
atm just got used to typing 2022 instead of 2021
Atm smokes plants he finds in his backyard
ATM has to consult a Ouija board every time he needs to fart
atm commits war crimes while eating store brand waffles; doesn't even use fucking butter or syrup
atm fell in the gorilla enclosure at zoo once but instead of getting 24/7 media coverage like the Harambe incident, the only thing he got is pregnant
atm's nickname as a coke dealer was Warhammer cuz he always holding at least 40k
atm sued the production company behind Cocaine Bear for stealing his Grindr nickname
ATM calls ethernet cables WiFi cables
ATM jacks it to nyan~ neko sugar girls
atm saw what happened when he found a stranger in the alps
Atm bought 500 packs of Trump Steaks at the sharper image
Today on Atm Reads Mean Tweets, a pissed off cardinal attacking a squirrel.
Atm got Obama to play MLK in Atm the movie
The amount of cheese in Wisconsin triples whenever atm crosses the border going in
Atm only knows the Let it snow part of Let it snow but that won't stop him from singing it all year round
Atm veni vidi vici'd your mom last night
ATM had a long day at work today
ATM was in juvenile jail for shoplifting
ATM hunted the loch ness monster to extinction.
ATM got a footjob from bigfoot.
Atm is a purebred. As in he's pure of heart and well bred
The Unicode comitee is running  out of ideas on how to block atm from spamming them with requests to change the ATM emoji to a horsecock
ATM got the Exodia cards tattooed on his 5 boyfriend's dongs. When they come together, he is instantly destroyed.
merth is actually atm
ATM is killing me softly with his song.
atm has 10,000 sex arses stuck at Calais
atm installs a plow during the winter
Using witchcraft, ATM can summon Tony Robbins teeth at a moments notice
ATM is the world's best at hiding butter
ATM makes his own butter
The cows of Kerrygold lick ATM every night
ATM got an update and now has decreased load times
Atm once ran an IRC with members of the IRA and IRS employees
Atm keeps 2 guns and 4 empty Coke cans on his bedside table
Atm posted assassination coordinates to Obama in 2012 (He posted the white house address on the roblox forums)
Atm needs trigger warnings if a video contains the words Sit, Stay, Treats and Walk because he's puppy
Atm calls tap water Council Juice
Atm has an among us themed strip club on the same street as the residence for the Canadian Prime Minister
you can pay a monthly subscription fee to use atm as a heated seat
Atm is bigger than the fishing industry
Atm is looking forward to being a sexy grandma
ATM owns a "Foxy Grandpa" hat.
ATM has been telling me about his "spergwife vtweeter oshi", and I don't know what the fuck he's talking about
ATM's best friends are two geriatrics in superhero cosplay.
ATM's band Protuberance Of Ohio (POO) just dropped their new album Beauty Of The Fatherhand
Every day atm wakes up to an unfamiliar ceiling. This is because the elves paint it a different color every time he sleeps
atm calls his dad "pee paw"
ATM loves bees
ATM gets really emotional over what counts as canon in his favorite fiction series.
ATM has eaten human
ATM co-wrote Steven Spielberg's 1993 flick *Schindler's List*
atm legitimately enjoys nightclubs
atm's sisters keep trying to get atm to stick his head out the window when they're driving fast down a pole-lined road at night
atm is full of the word fuck, among others
When ATM was 13 he pooped himself while pretending to power up like in DBZ
Atm provides all the pussy noises in hentai
ATM plays the bagpipe by sucking
the world atm was born in no longer exists
The ATM sequel has been in development hell for decades
atm realized way too late that engravings do not give his cock any tactical advantage whatsoever
atm's favorite manga is dick fight island
For a limited time only, enjoy sugar-free atm! (Please someone help, his blood sugar levels are dangerously low)
Atm should've bought a squirrel
atm would kill a man to get a handy from a tsundere chick with a fat ass right now fr fr
due to his recent weight loss you can only park like, 6 or 7 Tahoes on atm's ass now
ATM wants to lick the armpits of an alcoholic bassist of a psychedelic rock band.
ATM gets his ass recalibrated after every 3000 shits
atm's DND alignment is "Neutral Evil"
ATM and Patrick Stewart are Eskimo brothers
ATM has never won a game of solitaire
ATM sells a "Surströmming Smegma Sunset" candle in his Etsy store
ATM has pink hair and adjectives
ATM crapped his pants so bad on the Haunted Mansion ride that they had to close down that part of the park for the day
atm deleted all the cronjobs
"who needs condoms when you can use epoxy on your foreskin?" - atm, 3 hours before a very painful hospital visit due to an unrelated skateboard accident
atm just bought a guitar and a pink tracksuit, I wonder who's birthday is coming up soon?
ATM was cast to be ALF in the ALF reboot. Not as the voice actor, but as the puppet
atm misunderstood 和気あいあい as 脇愛愛 and got excited
atm popped out of sneed's old shredder
atm microdoses heroin
atm macrodoses Alf's cock
ATM french kisses my ferrets so I keep them safely in a cage
ATM makes chocolate covered chicken every year and guilts his friends and family into eating it
ATM likes to hold 3 knives between his fingers and pretend he's Wolverine
ATM has frequent hyper-feminine emotional outbursts
ATM sounds like he's weak to anal
ATM is a blue-haired Communist with his fingers on the ban hammer
atm's main goal is to blow up
atm says "yoshi yoshi" when he answers the phone
ATM's got this new head filled up with smoke
Atm's a sucker for a sweet-talk talker
atm made a mastodon account but he's not telling any of his twitter friends about it
ATM likes mulled wine
ATM sells fuckable Klein bottles
ATM is like a sir, like a sir oppa gamer style
Atm is seriously getting uppity
I was skyping non-sexually with atm and he said phat had been "uppity" lately
I really wish ATM would stop using his Summon Ugly Bastards spell to attack people
ATM thinks you're his cute little kitty cat.
ATM invented both microaggression and whining about microaggression
ATM used blackmail to make Eminem urinate, thus eliminating the extra pee from rapping.
Atm can rip a horse in half
You need to enable "eye comfort" mode on ATM before bed, otherwise the blue light will make it more difficult to sleep
atm is also maximum beta
ATM commands the shrimp
Santa in tears, begging ATM to stop; *ATM whipping all the reindeer that he's outfit in bondage gear*
atm donated 7 bongs to Goodwill
ATM got a footjob from a girl wearing those grippy socks from the psych ward.
Somehow all of atm's roleplaying characters end up racist and he doesn't know why
ATM doesn't know what scrugo is, and at this point he's too afraid to ask
"Wednesday's child is full of gyzÿz" - prophecy by ATM
atm sued his employer because his contract said he'd get paid biweekly but atm is bi every week
ATM is big cums to his penis
ATM is a thick bitch.
ATM is a sommelier of anime girl armpit sweat.
ATM has a thick skull
atm's favorite type of video game puzzle is ice blocks that slide until they hit a wall
ATM has somnophilia
ATM pronounces the laughter in slaughter like the laughter in laughter
atm devised a series of sokoban structures for his proof of its turing-completeness
ATM’s ass died and was isekai’d into merth’s pillow
Atm paid good money to get a hug from a slimy girl
Atm paid 500 dollars for a bottle of Elon's Musk, a fragrance made of Elon's cummies
Atm undid 9/11
ATM has an std named after him
ATM was married to Molly Ringwald.
A spaceship lands. A man exits. It's ATM. "I come in peace", he says. "I'm peace", says your boyfriend.
ATM just uploaded a youtube video titled *Top 10 Sexiest Bitches In Netflix's Wednesday*. Yikes!
ATM co-moderates a lot of subreddits with /u/KrustyKrackers.
ATM is a scent at Yankee Candle
You should let ATM steep for 4-5 minutes for the most flavor
"thanks king" || - atm receiving a baked potato from the king
"yo I just popped a pill and am ready to get FUCKED UP" -atm, holding a bottle of Zyrtec
"I don't think I can fix them" -ATM after watching Monogatari
"this is bullshit, I got excited for a second" -atm after hearing about mononogatari
ATM founded the ATM Compound but keeps trying to paint over the upper half of the first O
Atm has suddenly found himself in possession of two used laptops, a used PS5, a used Switch, and a used Xbox One, and about a half ounce of weed. Wonder where he got it!
atm is a member of a time-travelling ninja order. when the time comes he will travel back through time to train his pupil, like his sensei once did (he is the only member of the order)
ATM sneaks into your house at night, but doesn't steal anything. He does it for the sexual thrill he gets.
atm's favorite consonant is the voiced anal trill
ATM's eyelashes are implants.
Atm is currently having a filler arc
ATM invented a dog with human arms
Atm just doesn't like you--that doesn't make you a bad person
ATM is feeling good! Someone stop him! You can't just do that to people!
Atm used samples of himself moaning to make a cover of the Persona 3 battle theme that he titled Ass Destruction
The Cuban Missile Crisis was actually a result of ATM mistakenly overdosing on boner pills.
ATM and phat are basically 60% the same
Atm doesn’t know who to trust
ATM shot famed Punjabi rapper, Sidhu Moose Wala.
ATM was gunned down by the Bolivian army.
ATM stuck a bamboo shoot in his asshole and let it grow.
Atm hasn’t received a text from a human in over 3 months
atm hasn't eaten a human in over 3 months
Atm did one of those text therapists things and the next day an FBI agent dropped off a bunch of cash and a gun
Atm died and was reincarnated as a magical nazi girl
ATM has a necromancer on retainer in case he suffers from ED
ATM tried to lift a dumbbell and did a flip
ATM was doing a deadlift and died
Everyone thinks people are looking at them when they go to the gym but it's just ATM they are actually looking at
ATM made a protein shake at the gym
atm failed on his first pull up
Atm fucked a time wizard
ATM resembles the tardis
"I want one of those large Italian subs everyone is talking about" - atm, not even remotely near a Subway
Atm has bad luck whenever he walks by a black cat. That is because he keeps calling them the nya n-word
The guidestones telling the exact length of units of measure were sculpted after ATM's various body parts
Atm watches a lot of gladiator movies
"I'm Spartacus!" -ATM
"hey chat, thanks for my 70 subscribers we now reached the subgoal!! " - atm, streaming from Dallas on November 22, 1963 at 12:29 CST
ATM pees a little every time he's pinged
Atm keeps saying he's "in continent" because he lives in the Midwest. The piss doesn't help either
atm hates us sometimes
No one at the FBI knows what the "1985 cum flood" incident, eveyrone who had the necessary clearance to view it died since. The only thing they know is atm was involved in some capacity
"Eh, can't all be winners" - atm, looking back inside the toilet
It isn't good for ATM to get so angry. He should know better. After all, he's a doctor. ||  || See him *defending* freedom! || Witness him *battling* evil forces! Watch him *kill* his own mother with a broken lawn chair!  || It's a tough job, but ATM bites the bullet, and he DOES IT! ||  || And then he's off to eat hickory-smoked horse buttholes!  ||  ||  ||  FROM A CUP!!!
ATM has microtransactions
Basically all the cells in your body are replaced every 7-10 years; and thus, almost every bit of ATM's being was once inside a particular horse.
You can consider ATM's boy hole a lootbox, since you don't know what will come out when you put your mom's credit card in
Atm clearly suffers from rushed development
ATM believes that the reason everyone dies when they get old is because the frequency of prostate exams increases until your body can no longer sustain itself (yeah that's right everyone)
"I got such a deal on these Kobe meatus steaks! I wonder why they were so cheap??" -ATM cookout
ATM's farts have the same chord progressions as Mambo No. 5
Atm fell asleep on the bus and woke up in the bus yard at WMATA’s Four Mile Run facility and he was trapped there for 3 days
"Galpi? I prefer gal pee! - ATM
Atm isn’t sure which anime archetype he’s gonna be for the 2023 arc but he’s got it narrowed down to 3
The Missouri attorney general announced a special press conference this afternoon and atm changed his profile picture to black
ATM's farts is one of the most sampled sounds in hip hop.
atm self-describes as "the van helsing of succubi"
ATM lost his virginity and can't find it, please help!
ATMs fantasy is to be hard on stage at the  Oscars and have will Smith repeatedly storm the stage and slap him until
Atm is getting loose off the juice (soy milk)
ATM is ultrawide and operates at 144 HZ
Atm follows your mom on Twitter
Atm sleeps in a body bag, just in case
Atm is part of the planning committee for the upcoming family reunion
atm is harshing the mellow
ATM has enjoyed a string of successful hookups through his Truth Social account
DO NOT check the "likes" tab on atm's twitter!
Atm invented weekends to turn you trans!
atm will appear and laugh at true facts
Mississauga holds an annual Atmfest in honor of Atm
ATM once fucked an entire loaf of bread in less than 30 seconds
Atm fucking hates the Mets
Atm was a popular underground rap artist but stopped because he hated edgy white kids playing his music all the time
Atm wants Kim dotcom to take over twitter
ATM collects sticks and debris from walking the streets to add to his sleeping nest at home
Thanks atm. Thatm.
ATM straightens his hair
atm keeps buying books with my tax money 😡 (he works for the public library)
atm is self-conscious about his flat chest
Atm is generally ok with America’s aging infrastructure because it greatly increases the chance a power line will fall on him and explode him with electricity
Atm got plowed into a snow bank and was still alive when it melted in the spring
Atm sucked me off in a Walmart bathroom
Atm did not age well
Atm thought “the hedgehog dilemma” was about his recent trip to the ER
Atm thinks cloud saves are like farts in a jar
atm wants to feel you from the inside
Atm set up his Google Assistant in Thom Yorke mode so that it activates with the voice command OK Computer
Atm loves rammin raw men while eating ramen
ATM’s Christmas list just says “a bitch with a fat ass”
ATM's dodge truck has a kill count of 28. It's quite the Lethal Ram
Atm is cumming down Alf’s chimney tonight
Atm thought Santa Monica wasn't a city but a kink about getting sucked off by your secretary while dressed as Saint Nicholas
Atm came downstairs in his fursuit and his mom just started crying
Atm references How I Met Your Mother a lot, and not just the two references people actually know
Atm talks about Harry Potter and The Office at the break room at work
Atm came
The first time atm visited the United States he had breakfast with a Kryptonian lady with a lower back tattoo
ATM's tits are looking immaculate today.
ATM invented soup so that he could drink a chicken
Can you believe they put atm on the moon?
Atm is the owner of 5 Brides burgers and frieds
and then atm was the comic
I want ATM's Gae Bolg to penetrate my Rho Aias if you know what I mean
ATM goes Christmas carolling to ask for "faggy pudding"
ATM spreads his faggy brackets for just about any old applejohn.
atm wants to breed you with a deer
ATM hates Santa Claus and giggles all Christmas morning when he finds a clean plate of his cumcrispies treats
ATM puts the "load" in "fully loaded fries"
ATM loves Gears of War
ATM's new game is called Battleguys
ATM's new game is called Battleguys 2: Curse of Obama
atm will never play valheim
ATM loves cookie cutter AAA shooter games and HATES indie games.
ATM can't stop doing racist asian accents
ATM is infuriated by what he calls "stolen valor milfs"
ATM has been dipping around the town with some fancy clown.
All of ATM’s anime figurines are in different positions when he wakes up
I’m hindsight, an electric fence probably wasn’t the best way to contain atm
The atm servers will be shutdown in 3 days
Knowledge of ATM can damage your psyche. Read ATM facts at your own risk.
Atm has post-anal drip
ATM is convinced that wooden doors just can't be airtight.
atm is NOT some kind of disgusting holocaust denier. He's very pro holocaust.
atm isn't even here to defend himself!
As a child, ATM had a pet tiktaalik named Burrito
ATM wants to fuck princess peach
No one can actually explain to me why we keep ATM around
ATM is 7.1 surround sound
Anthony Fantano rated ATM's farts as a strong 7 or a light 8.
atm searches "anime cuddling" and "anime romance" in the gif search and cries himself to sleep
Atm is a Helen Keller denier
atm made a contract with the Rats Coming Up Through The Toilet And Crawling Up Your Ass Devil
atm gets mad when an anime doesn't have enough male characters
ATM's first word was decapitation
atm's full time job is loving Alf, not because Alf is a difficult or demanding husband but because Alf has terminal cancer and atm manages his care
atm is playing a donkey in his church's nativity scene this year
atm prefers to eat in at fast food restaurants
atm always charges interest when he lends friends money and he always collects
ATM names his kids after obscure anime characters.
atm got herpes from an Arby's sandwich
When a British person asked ATM to "bum a fag" he handed him Merth instead.
atm built a treehouse with his friends but it fell out of the tree when everyone was in it and like, 2 people died
atm hit Korone with his car
ATM is starting his own hot water bottle company to sell everywhere, you have to heat it up yourself but the instructions on the back
Atm got reincarnated as his wife's boyfriend's cockring
ATM doesn't eat pussy because he's vegan
ATM uses sweet potatoes instead of regular potatoes in every recipe
We have a fairly attractive server, because ATM is shallow and is only friends with hot people
ATM did the time warp... Again...
Atm pissed in the shower so much it doesn't drain anymore
Atm keeps @Married Guy around as the token ugly person on the server
ATM pees in the bath
ATM's favorite quint is Hitoha
atm just ate 3 pounds of cocaine
Say the line atmjak! ||  || "woo let's do a genocide"
atm changed up his hair and now he's sporting twin-tails
ATM has a magic sex gun (A magic gun for sex. The sex happens like magic. Point the gun, and have sex. Just like that. Like magic. Gun Sex Magic.)
when he hears people talk about anime atm makes sure to tell them how the manga was better
atm has stopped saying "thank you" in favor of saying "doctor bust-a-thanks" and a lot of people have been thinking he's a bit rude nowadays
atm went back in time to give Nero cocaine
ATM got fired from his dishwasher job for taking a bath with the pots and pans.
ATM invented rear facing high beams for assholes
atm should have sex with his cousin
When atm runs in Detroit it's usually gang related
ATM is always leaving the light on
Atm never flushes
Atm has a none fetish
ATM touched my tralala. My ding ding dong.
Atm wants to fuck a spider
It's Friday night! You know what that means. It means atm is going to drink rosé and watch BBC's Sherlock
ATM's ballsack sweats so much he's already drowned 4 people with it
atm can't figure out how to unsubscribe from the ATM Facts Daily Newsletter
ATM ships Donald Duck with the Aracuan Bird
ATM the kinda dude to say "Which one?" when someone says "God bless you"
Atm always takes dick pics with a Dutch angle
The ATM DD was a huge commercial success
The average person does not eat two horsecocks per day. Horsecocks ATM is an anomaly and should not have been counted.
Atm was told to bring tonic water to the party but instead he brought a copy of Tonic Trouble for the n64
Atm believes anything that rhymes
Atm is a Jason Mraz superfan
atm invented ded moroz to counter the capitalist meta
ATM has a 2-in-1 conversion therapy deal where he will make you straight AND Catholic for a low price.
ATM shut down his servers July 18th, 2005
atm uses autotune to remove the bass from rock songs
ATM REALLY likes goblins
atm fucked a goblin so hard it died
ATM beat Tiny Tim to death with his cane.
Atm started a German femboy themed cafe but had to close it down when they all turned out to be racist
Atm lost at "You laugh you lose, Freddy Fazbear edition"
Atm took 3 tabs of Xanax, 6 beers, 2 cups of wine and a quarter ounce of weed and started advertising his foot pic onlyfans
atm's family no longer ask him to top the tree after the Christmas 1998 incident
Atm tells kids that Santa isn't real
Atm beats up the local salvation army collectors every Christmas
atm euthanized one of the Paw Patrol dogs
atm gained 7 new fetishes while watching Evangelion
atm has seen you naked
Atm wants to engineer teenagers
If you try firing ATM off too quickly you risk overheating and a jam
Atm knows who shot Johnny
Atm order a Gyro at a Greek restaurant and chewed out the staff when he didn't get an Italian twink singing about mozzarella
atm works a summer job as the creepy groundskeeper at a summer camp
ATM's new years plan is to get fucked up on codeine and watch romcoms
ATM has used the same condom since 7th grade. He uses duct tape when it tears
atm's Bad Dragon collection is willed to Merth
atm still diagrams sentences
atm's middle school students sold him oregano and told him it was weed
atm left his phone face up on the coffee table and his family can see all these facts pop up as notifications
ATM's thighs got nerfed
When atm ults his ass gets bigger
ATM gave all his friends a single puzzle piece for Christmas.
atm gave all his friends a puzzle for Christmas, the solution is clindamycin
ATM's oshi is cringe
Atm never cries over spilled milk because it just means he gets to go back to mommy for more
Succubi aren't real but it's kind of weird how atm has all the characteristics of one
ATM's advent calendar is calling Tucker Carlson every day saying happy holidays
You, a bozo: "Ichika, Nino, Miku, Yotsuba, Itsuki" || Me, a Sir: "1ka, 2no, 39, 428, 5ki" || - ATM
atm psychoanalyzes his friends based on how they post
everything atm knows about human psychology, he learned from Tumblr and network TV police procedurals
ATM is working on the sequel to his hit VR game, "Date Night with Sans Undertale"
Atm shat out the cum from the prior day while his family was doing secret Santa
Atm collects his smegma
ATM's urine is behind a peewall of 16$ a month
Atm can have a little domestic terrorism, as a treat
atm is a neko baby nya~
atm goes on google image search and searches "girls kissing"
atm goes on danbooru and searches "sex"
Atm goes on pixiv and searches "armpit"
atm goes on the mountain top and searches "god"
Atm goes into his boyfriend's ass and searches "the cum button"
Atm is into anal log signal processing
ATM has a lot of issues, and he's stupid.
ATM named his testicles Fat Man and Little Boy
atm spends a typical Sunday by taking a fistful of Ritalin and jacking off to hentai for 7 hours
Atm is sweaty and damp
You can actually play ATM's crotch as a swamp in MTG
Atm watched too many vtubers and stuck his cock in a clock
Atm watched too many vtubers and stuck his cock in an Ikea shark
Atm watched too many vtubers and is now a white woman
atm is great
ATM's favorite word is "archipelago"
when atm does black face, we covers his entire body.
On 238 occasions, atm has won a bid for a Your Character Here commission. Every time, he asks for Alf
atm got ass pregnant
Atm has never sniffed his fingers after scratching his balls. He just licks
ATM is harvesting body parts from members of this server to create the ultimate human, very little luck so far!
atm's comfort character is ξ
ATM wants to put Drake back in the wheelchair.
ATM's ultimate sexual fantasy is having sex with Billy Crystal while Meg Ryan watches.
atm still references Tiger King
atm is the most annoying person I've ever met
"Your honor, how can it be 'public indecency' when I got a cock and ass like this?" *starts stripping* -atm, beating some of the charges
atm was lured to an abandoned warehouse with the promise of MtG cards but instead of getting cards, he was hacked to pieces by the members of this server who took his flesh as trophies
atm received his doctorate in race science from the University of Alabama in 2007
atm's diet is about 79% semen
atm acts out for attention
atm hit Bocchi with his car
atm got a bunch of metal in Chernobyl and hid it in merth's walls
atm intends to spend the rest of his life in his body
atm is an allegory for the existential dread humanity felt about nuclear war in the 80s
Atm thought the red scare was about eating out his gf while she was on her week
atm thought "period piece" was a movie about a broad having her monthlies
Atm thinks a coming of age story is about getting your first wet dream
atm's wet dreams have been more "damp dreams" since he started SSRIs
Atm puts his adult diapers in the recycling
ATM goes to mosh pits so he can beat up 40 year old line cooks.
atm is a nepo baby of his dad's more famous work (his bisexuality excludes him from doing his dad's less famous and less explosive work)
atm has juicy eyeballs
Atm wants to phuck oh phat's couch
Atm tweeted sex gifs
Nothing gets atm in the mood like a full 9 innings
ATM's flight got cancelled and now he's stuck in Chicago.
atm forgot to wash his underwear this year
ATM wants you to give him a sexjob with your vagussy
ATM has multiple patents for animal semen extraction
ATM is in a polyamorous relationship with his bed and his toilet.
actually it was atm who was the witch from mercury all along but don't tell anyone because it's a spoiler for the final episodes
atm says "booba" instead of "boobs" and he makes sure to let you know on the first date in case it's a deal breaker (it always is)
Atm likes porn on the cob
ATM accidentally invented different languages because he was tired of talking to Nimrod's bitch ass
Atm tried to inflate his boyfriend with helium while he wore an EVA pilot suit and use him as a hot air balloon
Atm was completely hairless and smelled cotton until the moment he turned 18 and all his body hair grew instantly and he started to stink really bad
ATM made most of the dress-up games on New Grounds
ATM says "noob" online and "poggers" in real life
Atm wants to put on a maid outfit, get gagged and have his hands tied behind his back then be roughly pegged by Angela Merkel
atm is that particular brand of hipster that dresses and acts like a normal person. Every time he is misidentified as a non-hipster he smirks on the inside
Atm saw a tree get struck by lightning and got incredibly horny
"Um, marijuana is ILLEGAL guys" - Atm seconds before being fired from the original writing staff of Spongebob
Atm was abducted by aliens but promptly ejected from the ship after he repeatedly demanded the aliens to probe him
atm smokes Americans' spirits
ATM's Wi-Fi network is named after the last hotel he shit the bed in
Atm has been drawing a published 4-koma for 12 years and no one has noticed he just made Ctrl-alt-Delete vertical and in Japanese
atm is a Kamala Harris reply guy
atm gets mad if you use swear words
atm always "tells it like it is." He sucks so much
atm is currently jacking off which is why we haven't heard from him in a while
the reason socks disappear in the dryer is because they teleport to atm who sniffs them
atm goes to the orphanage because laughter is the best medecine (for him)
Atm keeps pronouncing "Anti" as "Hentai"
ATM's cup runneth over with love
atm is gerrymander fluid
atm has the hair of an anime character from 2005
atm formed his political opinions at 14 and never changed or challenged them since
atm wishes he was a cottagecore lesbian, doing terrible home renovations and gentrifying neighborhoods looks so fun
atm is in love with his neighbor 😳 (the house next to him is being torn down because a meth lab exploded in the basement and the bulldozer is just so damn sexy)
Atm claims the beer he’s always drinking is “microdosing” and it makes him more productive
Atm sure does jack off a lot
Atm took his middle school class on a field trip to a slaughterhouse
There is a 0.1% chance of encountering ATM in the overworld.
"Race Wars now!" - ATM, big fan of the show starring Mike David
ATM pisses his pants to fight gender norms
The only thing deep about ATM is his cavernous colon
ATM was very disappointed when he went to a Creepy Nuts concert.
ATM is sexually attracted to Bea Arthur.
atm has short-term memory loss
atm has been getting really into Nietzsche lately and just ugh, he's so fuckin annoying about it
ATM is an easy lover.
ATM wants Phil Collins to drum his butt cheeks.
Sometimes, ATM pulls so hard, he rips the skin
"behold, a man!", atm proclaimed as he presented his mlp oc
ATM jacked off a referee during a World Cup match for a penalty, this controversial event has been dubbed "The Handjob of God".
atm was turned down by his crush after he told her he liked her and now he's getting really into German things
ATM doesn't need Replika, even though he can role-play and get NSFW pics from her
ATM's vtuber streams exclusively on Facebook.
Atm has been able to get away with numerous crimes in the US by claiming to have Havana Syndrome
atm's hobby is to edit wikipedia articles about people to change the tenses the moment they die. He is responsible for over 11 million such edits
atm gets suspiciously flustered when he sees a cannulated cow
giving atm money is considered a tax deductible charitable donation because the IRS classifies him as "pathetic"
every year atm petitions the government to switch to his new "roguelike" calendar in which the days are in a random order
atm plays the steel guitar in an emo zydeco band
atm sure does own a lot of panties
atm does gecko-roman wrestling
ATM sends love letters to his doctor in MyChart.
ATM taught Pelé how to do a bicycle kick.
atm never killed a man who didn't deserve it
Nothing pisses ATM off more than incorrect tags on porn sites.
atm gets pissed on really easily
atm put on a metal cock ring and inserted a rather long set of iron anal beads before his pelvic MRI
atm's favorite word is "butthole"
Atm is currently pulsating
I heard atm did the fusion dance with ur mum
Atm went to Sneed's feed and seed when it was still Chuck's
atm opened a karaoke lounge in his parents' basement
Atm hates the Happy Nude Deer new year pun but puts up with it because he gets to see more nude deer
"wow! we haven't spoken in a year!" - atm on jan. 1
Atm doesn't need a purse, he carries everything in his prison pocket
ATM considers Fat Albert to be "bara" and it makes all his friends extremely uncomfortable.
ATM doesn't know who Ryan White is, but he's gonna help ATM out!
ATM is a Cristiano Ronaldo and Andrew Tate fan, last month has been quite rough for him.
atm took a "what anime girl are you?" quiz and got Richard Gere
atm thinks 2023 will be his year lmao
atm's house is listed as "permanently closed" on Google
"Witness...THE FINAL CALAMITY" -atm, removing his pants in Walmart
they say "country girls make do" and atm is about to make do with all the corn in Iowa
As head of marketing for dunkin' donuts, ATM started an initiative to put more vitamins and nutrients into the donut batter. Donuts for the homeless he called it! Let them eat cake!
ATM is a gamer || Good || At || Making || Extreme || boneRs cum
And what happened, then? Well, in atm's server they say – that atm's small ass grew three sizes that day
ATM made a 10 hour YouTube video about how bad object oriented programming is
ATM is going to wire me $750 so I can buy Rule of Rose, if he knows what's good for him
atm doesn't know what's good for him
A vertical slice of ATM can be found on the demo disc of the June '05 issue of Playstation Magazine
You know that oil packet you receive as part of your instant ramen? That's ATM.
back when atm was first born medicine wasn't very advanced yet and the physician accidentally made him a second bellybutton
ATM is REALLY into small penis humiliation
ATM's favorite vtuber is Peanuts-kun.
atm is doing "wet January" this year by being constantly drunk and horny the entire month
atm once shotgunned an entire keg
ATM pimped my ride and got arrested for trafficking.
atm can accurately measure a woman's temperature with his tongue, orally, rectally or under the arm!
atm is a union man
the student government at atm's high school had an intelligence agency and atm got be something like a Lee Harvey Oswald for it!
Ass alert! Atm's pants just fell down!
atm got a special erection when Hillary Clinton died
atm lives in an Ikea
atm lives by chivalric code
atm has flipped chirality
atm's biochemistry may be carbon based but his attitude is silicon cringe
do not tap atm on the shoulder, he will shank you
you may think that atm's a dreamer, but he's not
Atm was a pioneer of the early semiconductor industry
atm is looking forward to unveiling his new invention: full conductors
atm has an instagram account thats just up-skirt photos of anime figures
Atm always takes credit for big braps even if it wasn't him
atm owns every Hatsune Miku figure ever produced
atm is a chest grandmaster
Professor Farnsworth is based off atm
Good news everyone! I'm ATM
atm eats frozen fries directly from the bag
ATM's family used to throw ATM as a baby around for fun and dropped him a lot.
ATM's favorite cake topping is cigarette ash
ATM invented the "Sex Voltron" and it's exactly what you imagine it to be.
Atm needs to return some video tapes
Atm won't stop saying ara ara at the cashiers at Walmart
Atm is a nasty little freak
ATM really had the hots for Lt. Dan from Forest Gump.
On the first day of school atm found the biggest boy on the playground and kissed him on the mouth
ATM has sex like a turned based RPG.
atm is buying a stairway to heaven (he intends to kill god)
Is man not entitled to the sweat of his own balls? No, says atm, it belongs to me
atm's mailman calls him "babygirl"
atm made a typo when commissioning gap moe art and instead got gaped Moe art
atm's cabbage don't roll down the roll right
atm has the power to change the magnitude of vectors
Atm has an extensive excel file with guesses on the age of all hololive and nijisanji talents
atm just spent $500 on the new year's eve special gacha and he didn't get any of the bunny girls
ATM gets off on his carbon footprint
ATM is written in 88% erlang. The rest is C88.
atm mixes alcohol and benzos
ATM pays me 20 dollars a day to stay in the discord and cause trouble
atm uses one of those drinking birds to avoid getting logged off for inactivity
Atm comes earlier when he moves faster
ATM's scrotal measurements are considered a statistical outlier
Atm is the world's thirstiest sapling
Atm had an amazing holiday in Bruges
ATM gave Marilyn Manson a pill so that he'd stop talking. Forever.
I'm still not sure if ATM is a virgin or not
ATM's virginity was established at the Council of Nicea
ATM whines with 750ml
atm's family dinner table has a "bitch chair" where the biggest bitch of the day has to sit at meals
Atm played ball in college at University of Texas. Not at some cushy Ivy League school
atm is lookin' fer a bird to snog at midnight innit
ATM loves saluting the American fag
Don't let ATM's war crimes distract you from the fact he bought a fucking monkey.
ATM has a full bladder, half an idea of where he's going, it's Tuesday, and he's wearing sunglasses
atm's balls stink
atm is a beautiful place and I'm no longer afraid to die
ATM phones home and has a glowing finger
atm's pussyhole is SOAKIN'
ATM plugs his phone into Tesla Superchargers
atm plugs Tesla Superchargers into his ass
ATM ducked the draft like a coward
ATM has honey bunches of oats
atm will suck a dick for a dime
ATM doesn't wash his hands after a big dump
Due to a misunderstanding, atm spent 5 months composing the Cock and Ball Overture
This is the first Atm fact of the year in the Central Time Zone
ATM is all bulgy, like a moose
atm has ridden a moose
at the new year's eve dinner table all the weebs put their hands together and said "itadakimasu", but atm put his hands together and said "I vore this food"
the video of atm's birth is considered a comedy cult classic film
the National Weather Service has issued a dense fag advisory in the atm area
atm filled the glove box to the brim with condoms and then nonchalantly asked his gf to get him his anal lube which was in there allegedly
*atm taking a big huff from a paper bag* "I'm on my hot girl shit"
"Hey girl, call me Sherlock Holmes cuz I'm about to enter your pubic domain" -atm, hooking up with a copyright lawyer
the employees at atm's restaurant are clearly very underage
one of the 5 year olds that works at atm's restaurant fell into the deep fryer
atm finds the concept of the spark plug intriguing but unfortunately all the ones he can find are way too small for him
atm showered 37 times in 2022
If atm ever offers you barley tea, don’t take it, it’s just hot beer
ATM joins voice chat while driving
atm's a rebel just for kicks now
atm offered me lemonade
*atm walking in looking quite rotund* "hey guys check out my bear gut!" || Merth: "🤓 ummmmm don't you mean BEER gut?" || *a bear bursts out of atm's stomach and starts mauling merth* || atm: "no, the thing I said"
atm is a powerful laxative
atm opened an "institute of lower learning" to teach people socially detrimental things like meth production, playing music from a speaker on the bus and economics
Atm washes his hair with motor oil
atm was asked to leave the cheerleader squad because the team always lost when he cheered
atm grilled and ate Bocchi
want to know what sex with atm is like? Imagine Winston Churchill eating a bowl of oysters
atm invented an instrument called a "gaytar"
you can fix most malfunctions with your atm by blowing on him
atm runs the "Crazy Ass Moments In Gay Porn" twitter account
The local Starbucks made the mistake of giving atm the bathroom code once. Once.
ATM brought a loaded gun to a Bruce Lee movie set, nothing bad will happen!
ATM brought a loaded gun to a Brandon Lee movie set, nothing bad will happen!
ATM thought you also have to shave your balls to become a Shaolin monk.
atm was shaving his junk in the shower and really going after the hairs that grow up the shaft and well, showers are slippery places and lets just say atm made a covenant with God
atm is really passionate about Good Charlotte
atm bought Twitter Blue
atm has "touch my butt and buy me pizza" on his Tinder profile
atm has been described as "the Jackie Chan of jacking off"
atm grilled and ate bfkelleher
ATM invited a new martial arts style called "Jeet Cum Do"
it brings me no joy to report this but atm grilled and ate Squid Girl
ATM (clueless): no one here is having an aneurysm right now || me, having an aneurysm: 🤨
atm thought "the red string of fate" involved Rin's tampon
atm is too much of a coward to recognize my genius
atm's newest OC looks suspiciously like his ex
"The Greasy Strangler" is ATM's favorite sex (solo) move
ATM has separate stomachs for eating and drinking
ATM's weakness is fishnets. He keeps getting caught in them trying to catch some crab
atm has more wood than home depot
when atm is having a problem with his wood, a guy on a small footprint forklift will come rolling into frame to get it up
atm uses "misc. changes" for all his git commit messages
atm once forgot the word "breed" and asked someone what brand of dog they had
atm invented a new kind of sex orifice called a "fear hole"
atm sleeps holding a gun, safety off and finger on the trigger
Atm overheard his favorite voice actress got engaged and decided to take matter into his own hands by becoming an ordained minister
Inside atm there are two wolves...now three...four...five...six?? Where are all these wolves coming from???
ATM's favorite place to sit is between his master's legs
Atm was the wealthiest landlord in the Kowloon Walled City
Don't ask atm about his 2016 new years resolution
ATM moderates some controversial subreddits like r/LynchedByWords and r/KidsAreSubhumanRetards
atm is one of those weird white people thats obsessed with Japanese media and culture
atm's favorite anime archetype is yandere
ATM's favorite anime is rent-a-girlfriend
ATM has a cupboard full of Tupperware bowls with no lids
Whenever ATM is criticized he just says "I'm valid"
ATM stores spiders in his butthole
atm wants to be reincarnated as aluminum-free woman's deodorant
atm has the secret lower half of the Mona Lisa where she's naked
Atm has a number of rejected concepts for how Spider-Man is able to stick to walls. Nearly all of them involve radioactive cum
atm's house is known as Dipshittia
Bodacious woman: \*exists* || ATM: Nice cow breast bro
ATM's weenor was the inspiration for Jurassic Park's Dilophosaurus
atm is cold-blooded
they say atm and merth became friends after merth watched atm stream Binding of Isaac a lot but the real story is atm once found a basket with fully grown yet baby-like merth on his doorstep
atm puts on "Amiya Tells You She Loves You And That You Aren't A Worthless Loser With No Friends Who Will Never Know The Warm Embrace Of A Lover [ASMR][English]" then cries himself to sleep every night
atm is a top contributor to the Kamala Harris wikifeet page
atm is a true scotsman
atm had to go to the ER to get his Joe Biden funko pop extracted from his rectum
atm thinks Jordan Peterson makes good points
The night after Trump was elected, atm dreamed his blonde hair grew long enough to hide his brown husband
atm is writing the movie "my own private Ohio"
due to a mix-up, atm is now the only boy at an all girls school! what hijinks will ensue with this one??
atm got his PhD for his doctoral thesis "Which Member of the Doctoral Committee Has the Best Tasting Cum?"
atm wanders through the background of our dreams sometimes
Atm puts the cracker in cracking up
Phat ordered the jerk chicken so ATM cooked him a racist rooster.
Atm lost his high school tutor job as a teenager because he just flirted with the students instead of teaching them stuff
Atm smoked a bowl out of a trout for 300 views
Atm wants to fuck an elf unprotected
ATM leaked his own nudes several times but no one has downloaded them
ATM's penis is on fire.
atm won't release Silksong
Atm thinks “lynching” is when you tape someone to a chair and make them watch Twin Peaks
Atm got that stanky leg (he stepped in dogshit)
atm dreams of one day becoming a member of the prestigious 27 club
atm is coming out daily despite eveyrone already knowing he's a raging homo
atm watched the entirety of bunnygirl senpai in 3 minutes (his friend kept bugging him to watch it so atm did it in a way he won't get anything just out of spite)
Atm no longer believes in love
ATM's dog didn't go to heaven.
ATMs are way more dangerous than most people realize
Greek statues don't have penises because ATM sucked them all off
new intelligence suggests iran has been selling atms to russia
ATM is classified as a WMAD: Weapon of Mass Ass Destruction
atm once blew his own mind (the cumshot was that powerful)
Atm unironically picks his nose
ATM is 30 or 40 years old, and he does NOT need this
Atm doesn’t talk to his ex (she blocked him)
Atm has a server of friends who are cool and normal and posts screenshots from here and then they all make fun of us
Atm took a screenshit then slammed the laptop shut
Atm has not showered in 2023
Atm is the 9/11 of urinals
atm shidded and farded, and maybe camed his pants
Atm likes true crime, The Office, dogs and the Democratic Party
ATM delivered his Christmas service to the cult spread eagle on the pew
ATM grilled and ate Biggie.
ATM will change your mind by slowly drip-feeding you coercive information
atm powerbombed your mom last night
ATM tried the old "stuff potato salad into your urethra" trick, but it didn't work
Atm powerbottomed for your brother last night
atm uses his articulated anime figurines to make stop motion videos of them shitting
Atm blushed when he was told he would make a very good housewife
Atm doesn't think it's gay to jerk off to Goku hentai because he's voiced by a woman
Imagine going on a date with ATM and he pulls off his mask and it's Gokussy
ATM's foot is exactly one foot in length
ATM's thumb is exactly one inch in length
Atm eats pussy like he eats rice, poorly.
atm has an annual pass to eat ass
ATM's subs get access to an exclusive discord and badge (atm isn't on any streaming platform)
atm livestreamed his colonoscopy on Twitch
Atm has 2 ob gyn chairs facing each other in his bedroom
You cannot win against atm at hide and seek, his sense of smell is too strong
Atm couldn't care less about character development he just wants cleavage
Atm says the word Womb 8 times a day on average
atm caught me slippin
atm scream at own ass
ATM will defend you to the hilt <:KurapikaThinking2:856724873502130196>
Atm really fell off in the 3rd season
Atm has slender calves
The government shut down ATM’s petting zoo and daycare after a swarm of toddlers ate one of the goats
Atm claims that natural immunity is why he hasn't bathed himself in 8 months
Atm has a ranking of “hottest fictional dragons”
Atm has a ranking of “gayest members of this server” and you’re #1
ATM invested a lot into cryptozoology.
ATM got power crept out of the meta.
ATM REALLY misinterpreted what a bull riding competition was and had to apologize to a lot of people.
atm's hungry ass could never be a rabbi
atm can lay brick with his butt
atm's rectum swirls opposite in the southern hemisphere
atm is an international man of meat stirring, he travels the world learning how to make various soups and stews
ATM was looking for love in all the wrong places.
ATM always mouths "I love you" during the Spatula City sketch in UHF
On April 12th, 1976, atm became the first man
Atm thought pounds of anything could count as UK Currency and had an embarrassing moment while holding jars of piss at the restaurant
atm swore in as city councillor on a binder full of Harry Potter age gap fanfics instead of a Bible
atm wants to start a podcast just to advertise boner pills
atm thinks it's "I miss the rains down in africa"
Hot fuzz is what ATM calls arm pit hair
Atm thinks that FTW means Fuck The What
Atm was the Judge Dredd of his elementary school’s hall patrol
Atm keeps putting long and detailed prompts about various anime characters going in dates with him, loving him, and cuddling with him into AI image generators then crying while scrolling through the results
Atm has 63 recovery frames on his farts
“Ok now draw her farting” -atm, to Amy Sherald (2018, National Portrait Gallery)
Atm really wants to do his Jamaican accent but knows better
Atm has a heart of gold, abs of steel, brain of calcium and ass of granite
Atm has a hot package and the bomb squad is on its way
Atm very noticeably changes his attitude towards someone if they post a selfie and turn out to be hot
Despite all the different shock collars atm still barks at the mailman only now he moans too
Atm invented a “shock cock ring” that’s just a power cable from a lamp soldered to a cock ring
Atm only drinks his beer out of a wooden flagon with a cartoonish pile of foam on top
Atm cut goggledog in half
Atm gives hole on the first date
atm moved the football before merth was about to kick it and made him look like a total dork
ATM offers paizuri, if you can pay
Atm tells people they have big Kobeni energy as an insult
ATM kind of looks like a butt
in his free time atm makes blog posts comparing the level of censorship between the tv and bd releases of anime shows
Atm thinks it's censorship that the cops arrested him for jerking off into his grand slam at Denny's
atm is trashy
ATM puts the "cum" in The Cumberland Gap
"Time to mix things up" said ATM, as he inserted Big Chungus into his school's copy of **An Illustrated History of The Holocaust**
atm stole a bunch of his ex's scrunchies and eats them whenever he misses her
atm just had a bad office copier accident and the EMTs still haven't recovered his face or genitals
atm came in a wrecking ball
Atm has watched an episode of rugrats every day for the past 18 years
atm wants to give Bocchi the cock
Each of ATM's illegitimate children is legally named "Yup"
Merth is saved in ATM's phone as "Mean Sean"
atm honestly believes if anyone is insane enough to will a fictional character into existence, its him
When in Rome, the Romans do ATM
When it comes to guns, ATM prefers a long barrel and a "hot load" (if the gun is a penis)
Everyone on this server can be paired as in-spirit representations of Thing One and Thing Two; and exist to torment ATM
The documentary on ATM's life is basically a snuff film
Atm lost his virginity in the back of an El Camino in 2014
This year, atm is gonna get really into giving his friends money
lately atm has been posting jrap covers on his youtube channel (he doesn't speak a lick of japanese)
Atm is one of the world's leading artist in gpop (CIA approved pop music)
Uh oh! ATM forgot to take out his sounding rod before his MRI!
ATM put some cookies on his ass while walking through Sesame Street.
atm invented the large hardon collider (he forgot to take out his sounding rod before his MRI)
Atm auditioned to play the cool everyman character but instead was cast as the fucked up weirdo with a micropenis and incest fetish
ATM solves his problems with more ibuprofen
Atm runs the “libertarian guys with Asian wives” Facebook page
ATM has been referring to himself as "The Kagemusha of JFK" lately.
Atm has a picture of his boyfriend (Astolfo plush with a fleshlight in it) as his phone background
Atm composed Temporary Secretary
Now we're cooking with gas! (atm ate a lot of beans)
Atm got herpes at Japari park
Atm found out the hard way that snowblowers aren't really good at blowing people
Atm always comes last in the Discord group masturbation sessions
This is atm, we trained him wrong as a joke
Atm is known as “the Rudyard Kipling of Holocaust denial” in some circles
ATM calls his balls " The White Man's Burden".
Atm is a huge proponent of child labor
Atm wishes he was a grill
ATM has a Bachelor of Arts in Histrionics
ATM coined the phrase "Last night I slope like the Pope"
atm was inside the hole. he was stuck
atm wants to suck on your tits
atm injects milk into his tits
atm got tetanus from injecting """alpha black bull cum""" into his ballsack
atm only speaks spanish
atm's new fav phrase is yass queen and double snizzle bitch
Atm please invent double-stuffed keebler twink cookies I'm hungry and gay!!!
atm replaced his dick with a breast
atm called me a subhuman black person which is like super racist but also really weird since i'm not even black
atm only smokes zungo hasheesh
ATM LOVES DRINKING PISS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ATM called me straight:(
atm called me a FAG (cigarette)
ATM googles "girls kissing" A LOT
ATM puts #girlskissing on all his YouTube videos
atm likes bungo stray dogs
Atm falls for the fake ball throw every time
ATM's pee was purple because he took too much lean
the front usb ports on atm's home pc are not plugged in
ATM thinks the term "black ice" is racist
atm's name is spelled with 7 y's
atm is getting a new trepanation this year ❣️
atm's mouth is the busiest public toilet in Missouri
atm wants to get railed in a sundress
atm wants to get third railed by a mean chick in a sundress
Atm left his job as part of the United States Secret Service when he realized they weren't the cool kind of S.S.
Atm realized he can give anything sentience and so far has only used it on foods
ATM struggles with "adulting", but in a cute a silly way
atm's favorite anime is nana
ATM keeps his vtube hidden under the bed
ATM fucks puppets, just like Sam Neill!
Atm is not allowed in Israel due to the manga he wrote named Cute Goys Doing Cute Things
atm loves slaughtering fags. he uses knives and guns
atm's nose is suspiciously big
atm has a cutie mark on his COCK
nothing turns ATM on more than beef jerky in bed
Everybody's got something to hide except for atm and his monkey
atm drinks malt liquor out of a champagne flute
atm posted a twitlonger about you
atm is constipated
ATM has Irritable Bitch Syndrome.
atm has a trained monkey to peel his pistachios
ATM has been sleeping with his bed bugs, god is upset
ATM's comiket booth is in the boiler room.
ATM's hungry ass could never work as cleaning staff at a love hotel
Atm witnessed his own birth
Instead of "Turkey", ATM calls 3 consecutive strikes an "Orgasm"
atm knows what you did last summer
atm can't get ye flask
ATM got a railgun but it doesn't have a cool theme song so what's the point.
atm brought a 30 pack of beer to his custody hearing
ATM gave himself a BFG9000 enema
ATM self-describes as a MILF
Wherever ATM needs to cross a gap, he just shoots a rocket at the floor
ATM got blacked lung disease.
Atm once caught and ate a whole hog because it came into his yard while his children were playing
atm has been violently and continuously shitting himself for 5 days straight
atm invented maths (the word)
while well meaning, atm's neighbors think his "MLK Day tree" is in poor taste
atm is quite creamy
atm's farts are like the Saturn V, loud and white
Atm likes his monkey brains like he likes his coffee. One cream one sugar
atm hates us cuz he dates us
atm eats pills he finds on the ground at music festivals
instead of meat, atm eats veggies and pussy
atm wants a footjob from a mentally ill femboy wearing those grippy hospital socks
Atm loves playing hide and seek at Bass Pro Shop
ATM, why is this drawer full of condoms, lotion, and a shoe horn?
Atm kisses his cat on top of her fuzzy little head
Atm has a magic wand that can turn his underwear into rats
if you hear a loud buzz coming from your atm, please have him serviced
Atm got engagement photos done with one of his dakis
Atm actually smashes a watermelon when he goes to the beach
atm is horny for economists
atm refers to the lower half of his body as "the cheesecake factory"
atm is the ceo of bepis
ATM avoids mayonnaise because he thinks it's a "white person food"
ATM ordered breast milk at Starbucks
The texture for ATM was made from an actual ATM
atm hasn't shit in a week in anticipation of his visit to the White House
check out atm's new book, "Buttsex and Breadsticks: Memoirs of Living in an Olive Garden"
ATM’s mind palace is Florida
atm speaks english with a Kansai dialect
Atm ate Jhonty’s toilet
atm keeps harassing his local newspaper because he wants an animated ad in the sunday edition
“Yeah I’ve got Havana syndrome, having another beer!” -atm
It's that time of the month where they replace the urinal cakes at ATM's job and oh boy is he ecstatic about it
Atm wants to fist your poop tube
Atm hates small talk but can't hold a conversation
Atm feels intense loyalty to a videogame console
Atm used AI to generate images of black civil rights leaders as white women and posted them with the caption “this says a lot about society”
Atm touched merth’s pussy
Atm wears shoes in the house
atm is technically not a man since he is neither featherless nor bipedal
Atm will make your waifu real if you kill John Lennon
atm is into first-rate female bodies and bewitching thighs
atm went to disney world just to get a photo with pepe the frog
atm tells EVERYONE whenever he unsubs from a channel, subreddit, or twitter user
atm had to be physically removed from the petting zoo once he realized one of the goats was named Ganyu
Atm's dad works at Nintendo and he will get you banned
atm named his pet goat ganyu but not because he wants to fuck her (he does want to fuck her but he didn't name her ganyu because of that)
ATM ruined IRC for me
ATM  tried to eat Ganyu but her wide hips ended up choking him to death instead.
ATM always keeps a vial of fentanyl on him to keep cops away.
atm climbed on top of his garage to remove the dead cat that had been there for a few days but when he got close it turned out it was just a bag of bread
The most ATM’s celebrated a birthday in at least 8 years was for a fictional character
Atm is his own race
Atm introduces himself in Crimson Demon fashion
Atm is joining the crimson semen clan after that last pog
atm offers a top-notch cloud file storage service (he hides in the box and manually copies and pastes your files)
Atm looks like he tastes salty
Atm thought “eponymous” was pronounced “e-pony miss” and about something else completely
Atm wrote a GTA IV x MLP fanfic titled The ballad of gay pony
Atm still jacks off to MLP porn at least once a week
Atm just dropped a fat slopper in his diaper
Atm made a real life band called Loded Diper
it took atm 12 years to find the answer to something, but then he forgot it in two seconds
Atm has never left his hometown
Atm is a fren-poster
ATM sleeps flat on his back without moving.
atm lets people enjoy things (like black tar heroin)
ATM has a leather CPAP
ATM is your hoochie coochie man
ATM's favorite part of eating a hotdog is peeling the wiener
Atm lost his chess by mail partner to a tragic suicide in 1945
Atm only plays what considers to be “the thinking man’s game” (strip poker)
ATM eats six to eight jumbo scrambled eggs and a half pound of bacon every morning
Atm is the Miles Davis of drunk driving
If peeing your pants is cool, consider ATM Miles Davis
ATM boarded a van full of homosexuals
atm ran a private taxi service with the only rule being "No shirt, No fare"
ATM’s psyche is pretty much entirely held together by fictional lesbians from a one season anime right now
ATM is a flamer
If you’re still awake at 2am, atm will appear in your room and call you slurs
Atm isn’t welcome here
atm thinks brown cows give chocolate cum
atm be jammin'
ATM is making a sequel to BlacKkKlansman called JewiSSchutsstaffeln
ATM eats a lot of 85% dark chocolate
Atm made an AI chat bot that racially abuses you
atm was head writer on "Harold and Kumar Say the N-Word"
“Boss makes a dollar, I make a dime that’s why I drink on company time!” -atm, self-employed
In some circles, atm is known as the “Pol Pot of used car sales”
Atm can hold both his coffee and a piece of toast at the same time
Atm has been in a lot of slave revolts on one side or another
Atm wishes goggledog would show feet more
Sometimes atm fantasizes about Kamala Harris coming home drunk and beating him until he feels numb. She kicks him in the ribs until he can hardly breathe. Then she stars to cry and apologizes, begging atm to forgive her. She holds atm all night as he gently cry into her t-shirt. Is there any hope for atm?
atm was shown pomu pits and immediately set his discord status to "Do not disturb"
if atm walked into a room and Pomu was standing there with a man tied to a chair and Pomu handed atm a hammer and told him to kill the man, atm would probably do it
atm's friends are getting a little concerned by his recent behavior and social media posts
atm hit goggledog with his car
atm has gotten a DUI on a riding lawnmower 6 times
atm never wears a helmet because TBIs are based
atm is the Chuck Plimbo of screaving
ATM  is a professional Etch-A-Sketcher
atm is simbly pathetic
atm thinks no one is talking on the server because they're all in a groupchat talking shit about him
atm mixed up his sleepytime tea with his supercharged rage energy tea again
ATM peed in the mosh pit again.
atm was in Indonesia in the 1960s for what he assures us were normal reasons
atm lost his virginity in the Dashcon ball pit
Pomu showed up in ATM's dreams to tell him to shoot Reagan.
atm made Pomurice for Jhonty
Atm uses "Reply All" for every email he sends
ATM can tell you exactly how one sucks a fuck
Atm lets merth enjoy him
Atm has a bookmark leading to the Wikipedia entry for the Smashing Pumpkins, just in case.
ATM dropped his SEGA Game Gear into the La Brea Tar Pits
the first time atm got an erection, he cried and called 911 because he didn't know what it was
atm had the Korone cock and ball torture dream again last night
atm is starting another daycare and the ATF is getting really nervous
atm grilled and ate Sayu
ATM eats fudge if you know what I mean
actually the maximum number of atm facts is 19999
ATM thought a "midwife" was most of his exes.
Atm sits on the back of the bus in February “to get in touch with his roots”
Atm gets turned on whenever you call him pathetic and smelly
atm gets turned on when you flip his switch
ATM's official occupation according to the US government is "breeding sow"
Atm once met an alternate universe evil version of himself. It ended in a sloppy makeout session
Atm thinks that vtubers using Japanese names is cultural appropriation
atm tried to sell his artisanal piss at comiket 101
ATM realized becoming a night shift nurse wasn't as glamorous as he thought it would be, a lot more shit though.
Atm swore on a copy of Atlas Shrugged last time he was in court
Atm draws terrible porn of his favorite TV character, Patrick Leahy
Atm put a bag of manure on his bed and said it was a Margaret Thatcher waifu pillow
Atm doesn’t wash his hands because “why do I need to wash them? I just peed all over them”
atm is banned from bringing coffee to his co-workers after he made all of them unknowingly play "Coffee Poop Roulette"
Hatsune Miku has a restraining order against atm
Nakano Miku has a restraining order against atm
actually atm finds it really hot when you make your fifth sadpost about a fighting game that sucks in the last hour cuz you lost to a random ten year old online
Atm is not housebroken
ATM’s phone background is his waifu (Bagger 288)
Atm fried and ate falafels
Check out ATM’s newest ASMR video “keqing reads the credit card bill and admonishes you for spending too much of her money on stupid shit you useless NEET”
ATM created slurs for dogs.
ATM drives a pickup truck
Atm screened a 1978 cam rip of the Jackie Chan movie “Drunken Master” during his DUI trial to prove that he could totally drive better drunk if he was allowed to be drunker
Atm paid $2000 for a customized goodnight recording from Pomu
atm has a subscription to merth prime for the extra fact slots
Atm always brings the good microphone into the bathroom with him in case he has a particularly ASMRic shit
ATM doesn't believe in induced demand
"Damn, this hog semen is SCUNGED!" - ATM at a fancy restaurant eating soup
ATM got a blow job from Burt Reynolds.
Atm shotgunned a man’s scrotum once
Atm is nick named "The white woman destroyer" due to the dog shaped birthmark on his lower back and also because of "other stuff" at a bed bath & beyond
Atm drowned in the JAV pool
ATM sells artisanal fermented hog semen
All of ATM’s body image goals are women
"My life is a minion meme, and you're the Facebook mom I want to share it with" - ATM proposing
Atm likes to argue with the people who comment on the social media posts of politicians
Atm calls himself neurospicy
ATM has been pregnant dozens of times
atm held a butt mitzvah on his 13th birthday
ATM has a margaret thatcher body pillow
Atm composed the French national anthem, and if you play it backwards you can actually hear the sound of his bowel movements
Every morning atm stands in front of his mirror and pledges allegiance to the fag
atm refuses to come tally me banana (even though daylight come and we want go home)
"Somedays you're the ugly bastard and somedays you're the loli and brother, I'm feeling like the loli today" -atm, hungover and about to have a very long conversation with HR
atm's bathroom mirror is a funhouse mirror he bought cheap from a failed carnival that closed down after one of the clowns snapped and went on a killing spree
Atm became a fireman just to get a "flame r word uniform"
atm is no longer welcome in Cleveland, Ohio after he called the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame "gay and lame"
Atm got his heart broken by a white girl with dreads and beads in her hair lmao
atm can't read
At was involved in the creation of 36 states and has spent most of his time since trying to destroy the rest
Atm stole a cop’s gun and shot a blimp
Atm has hundreds of pictures of his waifu in the folder named “Industrial_Accidents_Non_Agriculture_1930-1950”
Atm has a basket full of guns that he sells at the local farmers market
Atm grilled and ate Kurumi
ATM is very happy that his wife is good friends with the buff Native American masseuse.
ATM's dream harem is just the cast of Golden Girls.
ATM's favourite Futurama episodes are the ones where Bender pretends to be a fembot
Atm is *this* close to murdering someone because of the current lack of HoloEn streams
ATM calls anything he's interested in a "special interest"
ATM’s aesthetic is “crying in a wedding dress”
Atm dyes his armpit hair and his armpit hair only
Atm DM’s goggledog his fan ships of members of this discord
Atm has a lactation fetish and is a tradposter
If you bend over in front of ATM he will hump you
Like a cat, atm points his butt at people he likes
Despite everything, ATM still has faith in Elon Musk.
at the start of every single game atm threatens to feed if they don't let him solo mid
They call ATM the Working Man (he's walking that walk and making that money)
Atm got a fat pussy
ATM is 30% feta cheese
ATM boutta fart
atm once lost a game of Starcraft II to a pigeon
atm put Kirby in the microwave then hit "9" a bunch of times
atm was drunk as fuck on hand sanitizer and fucking around in the basement of 800 Independence Ave SW, Washington, DC 20591 on the night of January 10th, 2023 when he tripped over a bunch of cables and unplugged them. Hope those weren't important!
"ugh I need a massage, my muscles are like a white woman with a golden retriever right now!" -atm, after a hard day's work
you can see atm's skull if you strip the flesh from his head!
ATM identifies as an attack helicopter (he launched 6 Hellfire missiles into Ben Shapiro's house)
Atm's inner core of iron is really small 🤭
Atm is a kind of unicorn
Atm is banned from twitch and YouTube for streaming a live beheading
Atm made a Mormon dating app called Bindr that's sponsored by Mitt Romney
Atm rented a girlfriend and wacky hijinx ensued. Anyway who wants to help him dump a dead hooker in Lake Michigan?
"Shut up and take the damn upvote you clever devil" -atm, in reply to a reddit post that simply said "heil hitler"
Atm found an AI vtuber and after he spent 15 minutes in her chat she mysteriously started adding a lot of brackets around her speech
Do not boop atm, he WILL bite
atm was that ethereal bisexual that seduced Obama in college
atm is irritating
atm used to be an adventurer like you until he got shot in the knees for trespassing on a military base
Scientifically, atm is classified as an accessory fruit
Atm liked 3 of your tweets
atm likes to stow away in 18-wheelers wearing nothing but a tail plug and when he's discovered he introduces himself as holo, the wise wolf
Atm bought a large TV, set it up in portrait, and just has a slideshow of art of anime girls either handing him a box of chocolates or looking down at him playing on it
ATM got fired from Hanna-Barbera for trying to introduce his new OC "Gape Ape".
Atm calls what he’s about to do to his naughty brat boyfriend “the gapes of wrath”
Atm has managed to not lose a single employee on any of his ships during the past 3 years due to his strong seaman retention
Check out ATM’s newest book “Crying and Masturbating: My High School Diary”
“Can’t spell ‘basement’ without ‘semen’” -atm, giving you a warning
ATM likes to hide the AEDs in buildings he's in.
atm speaks in tongues (like english and others)
Atm feels like he wasted his 20s on dating when he could’ve just been watching anime instead
ATM’s virginity grew back! Unfortunately it is malignant
Atm sure does draw a lot of pictures of anime girls crying
"Hey you know what I jsut figured out I hate || Fermented hog semen" || - ATM (he's lying)
ATM drinks Bloody Mary mix straight from the bottle
ATM often says "My life is like a movie". He is of course referring to *Dr. Buttlove, or; How I Learned to Stop Clenching and Love the Plug*
Find yourself a partner who looks at you like atm looks at the third rail in the subway
atm named his dog jimihen after the character from shiori experience
Atm openly smokes a bong at work (DMV clerk)
Atm crawls under the stalls in public bathrooms
Atm ranked the members of this server from most to least fuckable
Atm should’ve looked both ways before crossing that street
ATM was hit by the piss missile and walked away unscathed
ATM is addicted to s*x
atm is owned by a cult
atm eats dessert first because hes so random teehee
ATM has never played an organized sport
Atm has been re-using the same broth he got in Yugoslavia
atm is intentionally living in poverty for a higher reason (kink)
atm wants to fuck a dragon
Not unlike the mechanism of a tampon, ATM hid all of the glue sticks in the art classroom.
ATM has a Jeff Bridges itasha
atm individually says good morning to all his anime figurines
Atm is USB 1.0 compatible
ATM has a pancake ass lmao
Atm wants to ban gas stoves so that his farts become more valuable
ATM's doctor prescribed cum thinners.
Ugh, just went to use the handicap stall in the Pottery Barn bathroom and found atm tied up in there, bottomless, covered in cum with a bunch of tick marks on his thighs. He told me he didn’t mind if I took a dump while he was there too
Atm uses is a gas-powered dildo
ATM always asks the nurse to get his IV in his penis.
ATM you asshole!!! You taped over my wedding videos! They were irreplaceable I'm going to cry! ... "Who's just standing over this jar?! I don't get it!"
After 280 days of bidding, ATM's virginal cunt has finally been sold! The winning bid was $60.3 and a hug
ATM listens to Sigma Male Affirmation reprogramming asmr while he sleeps
Atm was the first person to claim a perfect score of 3,333,360 points on the arcade game Pac-Man.
ATM set a record score for Donkey Kong Jr. of 957,300 in 2004.
All of 2 Live Crew's songs are based on atm's dream journal
the doctors prescribed electroshock therapy to cure atm's extreme horniness but all it did was make him even more turned on
Atm was the man responsible for the legendary "Got Milk?" ad campaign. Originally he made it for a sperm bank in Philadelphia
if you gave atm a hammer and put any of at least 30 people from this server in a room and told atm to kill that person with the hammer and it would make one of atm's waifus real he'd do it no hesitation
ATM suggested they turn teletubbies into a detective show, "Give Tinky Winky a moleskine!". And the producer slapped him.
When ATM was cutting his teeth there was no such thing as lube.
with the new DLC for atm, he now wears horse armor
ATM gave up his job writing steamy romance novels, as it was hard writing with a boner. || He should've just used a pen.
In Normandy, atm is know as the "Compilation de pet parmi nous"
ATM is ineffable
Atm wants to duck a goose right in the gussy
atm thinks "underdog" is a sex position
Atm completed all of Haruka's missions including getting to level 5 on Outrun
ATM thinks "sea dog" is a racial slur
Atm grows his own araara melons
@goggledog atm once pinged someone so hard they died
atm has trained to throw a nori tsukkomi in every sentence he utters and everyone detests him for it
ATM thought "boke" and "tsukkomi" was a sex thing.
atm thought "seme" and "uke" was a sports thing
ATM just really likes baseball.
"It's 5 o'clock somewhere!" -atm, opening his 4th beer of the day at 8:30am on a Tuesday
ATM is a pervert
atm would fuck a dinosaur within a week of them being brought back to life tbh
ATM forwarded all the ports on his router to his ass
Atm has FOMO (fear of making out)
atm farted in A major *on* a minor
atm vomits at least 5 times a day
surprisingly, atm has a wife and kids
atm is a girl
Today is gonna be the day that ATM poops on you
By now, you should've somehow realized that ATM will poop on you
ATM has been described as "too symmetrical"
ATM abducted me and probed me
[ATM and merth are in a car, merth is driving] || ATM: park over yonder  || Merth: \*punches ATM in the face*
atm only buys dakis where the art on them looks disgusted with him
ATM's last words to Elvis were "That was some awesome anal sex! You should probably go take a shit."
atm sends pictures of industrial accidents to his gf captioned "this is us"
atm was beheaded by ISIS
atm got head by ISIS
atm's friends are tired of his shit
atm wants to get his fuckhole reamed out by a strong man with a thick cock
ATM wrote the seminal paper on modeling 3d titty physics
atm thinks pikmin is good
atm had a joker moment after his big mac didn't come with the sauce
YOU'RE LISTENING TO D-D-D-D-D-D-D-DJ ATM ON NONSTOP POOP FM 983 *car horn*   *wolf howl*     *wet fart*
atm bout to pop that cherry like a champagne bottle
last time atm got grippy socks he tried giving a footjob, got a cramp and kicked the guy in the balls because of it
atm eats pizza with a spoon
atm modified his honda civic so that he could drive with mouse and keyboard
every day, atm wakes up to a business card with a name and address. He must carry out the assassination before sundown and still hasn't missed a day
atm's toothbrush is made from asbestos
atm's bedroom has a 2d sprite of merth's face that always faces him no matter where he is
Yikes: ATM Just
atm has a spoon in his urethra RIGHT NOW
ATM is dreadfully unfunny
ATM thinks age gaps of >6* in romance are "horribly and utterly fucked" || *months
ATM made a semi-japanese pomf pomf cover, it goes "pomf pomf kimochi what is kono sticky stuff on me desu"
ATM misses the old Nyanners and constantly begs her to sing pomf pomf again
atm does geo-caching
atm hides geo-caches in dogshit
atm eats dogshit
atm drinks cum
atm loves pasta water coffee
atm wants to fuck the the rock pillow in the mouth
atm wants to invent scrunge but his mom won't let him
atm sells genshin goodnites on etsy
Atm's COCK has been renamed Lil' Jizzy and has NO PRONOUNS. You must ALWAYS refer to Lil' Jizzy by name.
ATM wants to have a destination theme wedding
ATM was captured during his holiday travels to asia and awoke to his butt being played like a Tibetan singing bowl
atm watched a nier automata play and won't stop telling everyone how deep the lore is
theres nothing in the rules of baseball that say you have to swing the bat with your arms but the MLB would prefer it if atm took the bat out of his butt
atm has had a lot of plastic surgery done to make himself look more like his idol, Henry Kissinger
ATM robbed a jewelry store so he can make Minecraft items.
atm thought "poophole loophole" was about how he smuggled that mummy out of Egypt
atm hung his unused testicles on his '97 Honda Civic after his orchiectomy
ATM released a voice pack where he calls you various slurs.
atm listens to racial abuse ASMR
Atm didn't know Liquid Plumber was a product and he is now on the FBIs most wanted list for dissolving a blue collar worker in a vat of acid
ATM is the god of and reason why you rip the bag when opening a box of cereal
"That's way too much cheese! You call yourself a cook?!" -ATM at the world's best grandma macaroni cook-off
atm's eunuchs are conspiring against him
ATM thinks humans will evolve into crabs
atm has what he refers to as a "cum hangover" after a long session in the Pottery Barn bathroom
Atm directed 3 episodes of Drake and Josh, and 5 episodes of iCarly.
atm was hired by team cherry to speed up the development of silksong; this was 24 years ago
ATM was the cartoon wolf in that Paula Abdul video.
atm is a moss cow
you can do ATM with a rice cooker
ATM wishes he could love a woman like how Tony Montana loved his sister.
ATM's favorite movie is The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas.
Atm designed a computer mouse with two scroll wheels
atm just plays the characters he's horny for
What if ATM gave you a $9000 handjob? Call it even?
ATM's dry rub😔
last christmas atm gave me his heart but the very next day I was abducted and tortured by people in black suits
atm is an allegory for getting brain from a chick with "issues"
ATM is legit a lot of fun at parties
ATM is bad to the bone
ATM invented the hashbrown cheeseburger: a cheeseburger with hashbrowns for buns.
all of atm's self-inserts are female characters for some reason
atm: "ugh, my tummy hurts, I need some cums" || merth: <:smug:371291549847519233> "ummmmm don't you mean 'TUMS' you idiot you loser you moron" 🤓  || *atm walking into the Pottery Barn bathroom with a gallon of lube, a ball gag and a sharpie* "no, the thing I said"
Atm once sucked off a homestuck cosplayer in a Wendy's parking lot
Atm misunderstood the drug mule job and got busted at the airport while wearing a donkey fursuit
The  x-ray appeared to show an unpeeled dry roasted pistachio inside of ATM's bladder
ATM doesn't believe in the historical Jesus
ATM has his own package manager
Atm has gnosis of himself
Atm was devastated when he bough Ni No Kuni and there wasn't any Nino Cunny
Atm has a night light shaped like merth’s head
ATM wasn't invited to play again after 4 players slipped and fell after he started dribbling
Atm lost "You laugh you lose" within 2 minutes of arriving at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall
atm was asked to leave rehab because "liking fat anime tiddies" isn't a real addiction
atm is celebrating MLK Day by only watching interracial cuck porn
A rolling atm gathers no moss
Last time atm went to jail he spoiled the sixth sense for everyone
atm just spent the whole day in bed and it was everything he hoped it would be and more
check out atm's new fursona "booze hound!"
atm was once stuck in his fursuit for 3 days because the zippers got glued closed with cum
atm put "God" into an AI, then posted the results with the caption "this says a lot about religion"
atm is insufferably annoying
atm stopped being a Buddhist when he learned he probably couldn't be reincarnated as Kamala Harris's shoes
atm made a lot of hoopla over a little krabby patty
*atm shotgunning his 4h beer* "ok time to start this school bus route!"
atm is scunged in the fricker (lol)
ATM is starting his own country with a monarchy. A giant monarch butterfly that will bring prosperity to the humans.
atm invented a metal gear solid sequel called metal scunge
ATM got a footjob from a Swede that broke out of a psych ward.
atm really enjoyed his time doing unspecified things in Brazil in 1971
atm has an entire folder just called "boy feet"
atm is close friends with several medical examiners
ATM reserves the right of prima nocta with his subjects
NASA is exploring the possibility of using ATM's rear maw for artificial asteroid capture
Every night, atm experiences a small death
ATM may not know any Tik Tok dances, but he can do the Hully Gully or the Charleston like there's no tomorrow
atm is the secret identity of spiderman
Atm was real disappointed when he found out it wasn't a blind date with people who love maws and paws. Still didn't stop him from fucking all the dads and a few moms though
Atm is loose (publicly masturbating) off the juice (barbershop disinfectant)
Atm has cwinicaw depwession uwu
atm pronounces "ちんこ" like "chincaw"
Atm wants to be reincarnated as a tampon
Atm travels the world collecting rare and exciting STDs
Atm walked into the club, took a fat dump on the dance floor, did the stanky leg then left
Atm was a mean girl in high school
atm eats his own boogers (he never shares)
Atm teaches a class on indoors fireworks usage for toddlers
ATM's vision turns red every time he sees the DreamWorks logo.
Atm worked a stint as the Bulls mascot
Atm has an ongoing feud with LeBron from his time as the Raptors mascot
Atm is the reason Malice at the Palace happened
Atm is the secret shadow owner of the Knicks. He's a Sixers fan
Atm has never made a good post
ATM has a really long butt crack
Atm comes with 3 adjustable knobs
atm appears gloveless
Atm has a candle line that smells like farts
Atm is a little fruity
Atm considers himself to be a Holocaust survivor
"You calling me a fuckin fruit?" - Atm when he dressed up as a strawberry for Halloween
ATM always keeps an Archie comic in the bathroom.
ATM's bussy is a 90's Playstation polygon nightmare
atm is a slut who deserved what he got
atm's most recent google searches were: || -worst smells || -where to buy bad smells || -kamala harris shoes || -where to buy women's shoes || -used fleshlights cheap || -kamala harris feet pics
i noticed your aim has been off lately -atm
you can remote into atm's armpits
ATM once took 7 months away from his server to focus on his music, then came back with the hardest white boy reggae album of all time
atm only has aoe spells that heal the enemies as well
atm spends $3200 a week on roadkill
Atm makes his figurines look the other way when he jerks off
atm (atm!): he really whips the llama's ass (\*llama bleating\*)
Don't be scared if atm invites you to the cock room, it's just his collection of rooster plushies. That said, if he invites you to the cock closet, run.
At this point, atm doesn't know what "rizz" is and he's too afraid to ask
Inside atm there are 267 rats, they crawled in through his butt
"LIAR LIAR BURNING JEANS" - Atm, misremembering the saying
ATM likes to virtue signal... If by virtue signal you mean his virginity is as a billowing native american smokesignal-fire broadcasting across Ohio
atm asked his students if they wanted to see a magic card trick and instead of a cool sleight-of-hand trick, he showed them Magic: The Gathering strategies
atm is currently getting dome, can he call you back later?
To atm... the angry video game nerd is just a video game nerd.....
atm can spell "slaughter" without "laughter"
I miss ATM.
ATM would click advertisements for "BIG DICKS IN YOUR AREA"
ATM is a fat dink
atm just got off work and is read to crack open an ice cold can of beans
ATM is working on the sequel to his magnum opus, "Drinking a Magnum o' Piss"
ATM is a programmer and has evolved to use two beagles and a variety of treats to produce keystrokes
Atm grilled and ate God
Atm is the inspiration for every Tyler Perry work ever
atm has won the game!
ATM: The RPG was released as PS Vita exclusive in 2021
atm thought gloryhammer was about going to a public bathroom and having warhammer figures inserted into your anus through a hole in the stall
Atm has eyes that see
atm can give you most of the lore if you repeatedly speak to him
atm loves when he gets cocaine around the rim
ATM fucked Pepsi Man
atm can't describe the nbc logo without giggling
atm keeps railroading his players because of how much he loves trains
atm has to handcuff himself before going to bed otherwise he'll sleep-fist himself again
atm has been a very very naughty boy
atm is actually okay with the amount of snakes on this monday to friday plane
The E, R, I, G and N keys on atm's keyboard are worn down considerably more than the others (He writes a lot of Mob Psycho fanfic)
atm is in stock
atm is a little catgirl nyaaa~
ATM grilled and ate his ex-wife.
when atm says he's doing hot pot, he means smoking weed in the sauna
atm keeps introducing new characters that won't be relevant for another 5 or 6 arcs
ATM is sorry he did 9/11
Atm is in brown mode
it's a secret to everybody that atm sings the french lines in bonjour suzuki songs
Atm is the founding member of the Lemon Party
It's pronounced "Le Mon Par-Tay" - atm
atm did remote surgery on merth with 5G (Vasectomy)
atm said "creme de la croppe" for years and no one corrected him
ATM is the world's largest church
atm dances with the devil (he's the only partner that doesn't make him too nervous)
ATM was a guest writer for the Aqua Teen Hunger Force episode "Dickesode"
ATM will get his dick ripped off tonight
Nerfgunner keeps ATM's Foreskin among his video game collection
ATM is fully divine and fully human. And fully erect.
ATM doesn't play "Remastered" games because of his woke language training
atm is a slave merchant
ATM was responsible for the Great Apostasy
atm is a dweeb
Atm is a one man jam band
if posting atm facts is criminal, only criminals will post atm facts
Atm wants to see pictures of your mother's feet.
ATM radicalized Mijailo Mijailović
atm thinks gay sex is when two homos rub their assholes together
atm milks himself til the cows come home
atm invented asscara for styling your butthole hair
atm is no longer welcome at the Republican National Convention!
atm identifies as a lolicon and he absolutely can't stand those woke lolilibs
atm wears a bodycam in everyday life in case he has an interaction with a female and needs his pastor to review it for sin
atm gave Nick's kids fireworks
ATM made a new rap, it goes || Scunge  || Bunge  || Fricka dicka dunge
ATM sold fireworks to Bob Mortimer's mom
atm purchased the teasmade brand
"imagine the tightness of her cold dead pussy as her rigor mortis muscles tighten around your dick, as maggots enter your dick and pleasure you from both inside and out making you cum inside her womb as she laughs maniacally. || Imagine, undoing the stitching from her head and fucking it as your penis tip can be seen sticking out from the bottom of her throat imagine fucking her maggot cunt, holding her hand as she desperatly tries to hold herself together, and just falls apart as soon as you climax inside of her. || imagine how FUCKING cold she would be, her slimy wet tongue on your dick gradually getting warmer from your hot cock and semen. || imagine after finishing, she whispers in your ears "your warmth is the only thing that makes me feel alive."" || - ATM on zombies
"Would be hot if not for the maggots" || - ATM on zombies
i can see why atm stopped using this server
ATM thinks My Chemical Romance was the first emo band
"Real ATM" only consists of the dc Moon Attacking scene and the late 90's Attacko scene. What is known by "Midwest ATM" is nothing but Alternative Moon Assault with questionable real ATM influence.
"Real ATM" only consists of cum
ATM thinks it's totally normal for a 10 year old to leave home and explore the world, making animals fight each other, and spending all his time with weird adults.
ATM a lot of his teenage years hanging out with ur mum lol
atm is stuntin' like his daddy
ATM pronounces Lugia like messiah and Ho-Oh like shoe
ATM got kicked out by the Puritans and had to move to Rhode Island
atm's idle animation is pretty bland
Atm snuck into the maternity ward and now all the women are pregnant again
Atm clips his toe nails at Denny's
ATM's favorite Sonic character is Bean the Dynamite
Atm bring a sort of "I'm going to eat everyone here" vibe to the party
the only things in atm's trunk are a shotgun and a book on vampires
atm does skull measurements before he insults someone
Most of the writing attributed to ATM was actually written 150 years after his death by Cuda, who claimed divine revelation.
atm orgasmed 4 times while the LAPD was brutally beating him
ATM invented a sex move and dessert called the "cinnamon Jhonty"
atm brings his own toilet paper to work with him
*atm walking in carrying a boom box quietly playing dance music* "hey guys, I'm have a mental..." *turns the volume up to max* "...breakdown" *starts dancing and crying*
atm replied "poggers" when his mom told him she was making spaghetti for dinner
atm keeps referencing The Art of War in his stupid "rise and grind" social media posts
much like Hideo Kojima, atm is obsessed with child soldiers
we all love and miss atm, and not just because he's the painting of Dorian Grey for our collective psychosis and madness
ATM's favorite drink is the fluid buildup in phat's right knee.
atm didnt learn anything from moby dick and is going around trying to "find that bitch ass whale"
atm has entered the jar
ATM uses openbsd with cwm, a trackball, dvorak, and vim
atm loves plain women almost as much as he loves hill women
ATM's transformerssona is named "Cockimus Prime" and he transforms into a Toyota AE86.
atm wishes people had a Skip Intro button
Much like French and being annoying, atm is part of gay culture
Atm sends a lot of hate mail to actors if he dislikes their character. It's just kind of weird how it's always women though
ATM saw visions of the future where he was the last survivor and he taxidermied all the members of this discord server
ATM’s gamer headset is a cursed object because it is imbued with an incredible amount of angry energy and the n-word
Atm opened an atheist church, their hymns are ska songs
Atm wishes he could be more like his idol, Ermal Fraze
Atm gentrified cum
Atm tapes his mouth shut before sleeping every night
atm eating ass and atm playing harmonica look the same except there's a little bit more tongue with the harmonica
atm *will* honor the blood pact
"Sorry to... Barge in" - atm, crashing his barge into your living room at 2 am
no one asked to be born (other than atm)
ATM taped a swede's mouth shut and tied their arms up and peace was restored to the world
Atm got kicked out of the Dunkin after he repeatedly shouted "Vasectomy" at an employee
ATM's new fursona name is "Yogi || Bara"
Atm fucked up
Atm doesn’t fear death but he does fear being lit on fire and then thrown into a big pile of salt
Atm gets giddy when he gets a notification for a new Epic Rap Battles of History video
atm made a porn parody of The Lovely Bones called I Love Boners
ATM leads his own variation of a colonial fife and drum corps: ATM's Pipe and Cum Corps
ATM could charm the black off a telegram boy
atm's bathrobe has "if you come up behind me you better fight me or fuck me" embroidered on the back
ATM is really tall 😉
Atm thinks having a bidet means you don't need to brush your teeth
atm disemboweled jher
ATM is a Pokemon master
I'm going to shatter ATM's femur with a hammer
ATM is allergic to death effects
I hope he's okay
"And this is supposed to mask our scent?" || "Yeah yeah, I know." || "Here, splash a bit more on." || "We just need to avoid being up wind, or he'll go into a rut." || (Haha atm piss)
ATM is legally not allowed within 500 centaurs of feet.
atm can't drive stick
ATM doesn't know the difference between the Polish flag and the Indonesian flag and at this point he's too scared to ask.
You know Jesus had a pee fetish -atm I heard
atm was isekai'd into our world and he revolutionized the dildo industry with his advanced knowledge
Atm? More like Atmber Heard (he's a devious little vixen)
ATM is gung-ho about judaism
ATM left his wife after she had a miscarriage.
ATM has really small feet
ATM's dream threesome is with Abigail Shapiro and Kamala Harris.
Atm has a physical porn addiction. If he goes one day without seeing a tiddy his whole body shuts down
Atm claims to be a water bending master but the only thing he can do is split his piss stream in half
atm made a rimworld mod that implements rimjobs
atm heard Kamala Harris had a stomach flu and immediately crawled into a storm drain on the 2000 block of Wisconsin Ave
atm's special interest is getting his dick sucked
"A hole's a hole" -atm, running nude towards Old Faithful
atm BURPED in my ASS
the moon is actually atm's ex-wife
ATM is traveling to visit his friends! He was told to wear a blue wig while in DC and a purple wig while in Richmond.
atm gets mad at clouds
Atm thinking in the corner: "they don't know I want to fuck a tsundere dragon who can violently electrocute me" || everyone else at the party: "who let that guy in wtf he totally wants to fuck a tsundere dragon that can electrocute him"
atm has 9 friends
atm sleeps curled up in bed with his own crotch in his face
atm had 9 lives but lost 8 of them playing russian roulette
ATM refers to the Monica Lewinsky affair as "Bill Clinton's sekuhara yab"
ATM is a murder weapon by virtue of surgically attached bayonets
ATM is a proprietary blend
Atm has a permanent room at the Gaylord Brain Injury Unit
atm keeps a 25 question quiz to verify if someone is a real gamer or not but it's weird how he's only ever used it on women
atm believes that bagels have holes in them to have sex with
atm hates ball (ball is life)
ATM just nearly crashed his car because he turned on NPR and they were playing Aquatic Ambience from Donkey Kong Country as just some random segment music
atm got radicalized after spending too much time in the UK
Atm eats 40% of the world's lobsters every year
Atm got super drunk last night and fell asleep on his neighbor’s roof again
Atm is the beached whale of interior designers
RIP atm 1975-1731: died like he lived, confusingly
ATM sold your soul for a handful of rolled oats. Didn't even TRY to get the steel-cut oats.
Atm is a sentient species of truffle pig
ATM is teaching pigs trig
atm is a nation-level security threat cause he'll blow his way in
atm rotates the meat grinder
atm is god's yeehest of haws
atm has been spreading bad rumors about atm. no one knows why but he keeps rubbing his hands together and murmuring "all according to plan" when he thinks no one is watching
ATM's has decorated his house with pictures of himself
atm always keeps a half melted bar of chocolate in case he needs to fake a shitstain
atm never says "gm" back to anyone in the group chat
ATM is in the meowning period since the queen died
ATM is highly invested in e-girl drama.
atm is the speedrun WR holder for The Sopranos on Gameboy Color
ding! atm just leveled up!
Atm is a drug donkey because he can't accept being less than purebred
atm pops up when you type "atm"
Eagles keep eating atm's liver
atm isn't reproducing
ATM's go-to goodbye is "Next year in Israel! Next year in the holy land!"
ATM gives great sooth
atm says cusses
Atm thinks 2d6 and 1d12 are the same
atm once did the terminator 2 "sink down and thumbs up" in a giant barrel of cum
ATM accidentally streamed himself getting changed, forgetting that he had his IoT ladle turned on at the time
check out atm's new ska album, "Doing Heroin In The Chili's Bathroom"
atm knows how babby is formed
ATM’s bulge looks lovely today
ATM empties the contents of his trash bag into the city bin so he can reuse the bag again.
Atm fights like he’s the third monkey in line for the Ark and brother, it’s starting to rain
Atm just got a new STD
Atm wants a squirrel girl to bury his nuts in winter
Atm is spineless (he lost a fight with a Predator)
atm lets the bed bugs bite (fetish)
To atm, every login is a single sign-on because tfw no gf
ATM was charged with solicitation of a sexual act when he was overheard telling a panhandler "you need a handout, I need a handjob. I think we can work something out"
You take atm after downing hard liquor
Atm wants a girl with sharkteeth to shred his dick until it looks like pulled pork
The Indiana Jones movies are ATM's favorite documentary series
ATM's got that dawg in him
ATM started a gay communist gun club
ATM got tricked into reading a donation from Nick Gurr on stream
ATM is releasing his own brand alcohol, called Pit Liquor; branded with images of fiery hell and demons, representing his souls ultimate destination.
Atm can hold up to 1.44MB of CUM
ATM gave me a bunch of crack to sell and then called the DEA on me 😦
I heard there was a secret atm that would jack you off in the alley
ATM uses Scatman John's lyric "While you're still sleepin', the saints are still weepin'/ 'cause things you call dead haven't yet had the chance to be born" as his main argument against abortion
Atm is in favor of abortion, he just can't support a woman's right to choose
atm wants to facefuck a gamer
ATM is a trash weeb gamer girl
ATM can lift a car tire over his head
ATM defined the sound of 7th wave post-midwest-pop-emo-core
ATM is gonna have to pay billions for GF
ATM was Patient Zero for "Deez nuts"
atm grilled and ate his therapist
ATM is jabba the slut
To atm... Crazy frog is just a frog
atm's been eating good ever since he opened a vet clinic
this one time atm forgot to drink water for a whole century
atm is a saucy boy
Along with his various wigs he packs when he travels, ATM also has a horse costume for when he visits Ohio
ATM thinks BioShock is a conservative game
the atm is dead; long live the atm
Atm hanged the DJ
atm was reincarnated as a slime (he got better)
atm was straight until they put him in the food processor
atm can do turbo tunnel blindfolded
ATM uses tone indicators
ATM makes and sells muslim discord servers
ATM's Muslim milsim Discord server really blew up (in popularity)
atm is umbo
atm is filled with plastic
ATM wants to FUCK the energizer bunny.
ATM loves lint rollers
atm never had ice cream, he was aborted
atm got a garbage disposal installed under his toilet for obvious reasons
atm is an enigma, wrapped in a mystery, steamed in intrigue, sprinkled with confusion and served with a dipping sauce of incoherence
Welcome to ATM! Over 10 million served!
ATM is gonna kill you - using guns.
throwback to the time atm epically threw out his back
atm won a rap battle entirely by farting once
ATM has the tramp stamp "Amazon Basics"
you can milk atm
atm has been cancelled (hit by a meteor and died)
as an artist, atm is really bad about doing same-face on all his art, luckily he found his niche in Quintessential Quintuplets art
atm is canonically 4'8"
atm smells like hatred, hubris, and a thirst for vengeance at all times
ATM doesn't like anyone here
"wtf thats not true!" said ATM, lying.
atm loves me
atm wants fuck Texas in the ass and he's not talking about the Arknights character
"equal rights, equal lefts!" -atm, driving on the wrong side of the road
atm refers to any time after 11am as "beer o'clock"
atm refers to any time after 9pm on a Friday as "bear o'clock" at The Beach (bears drink 50% off then)
ATM duped us
atm wears the same outfit everyday like a cartoon character
atm can make a whale jump out of its own tail
In some circles, ATM is known as "The Human Ball-gag"
ATM's grandparents left him a large number of armoires
ATM's grandparents left him a large number of armories
atm was in front of me at the drive-thru and he spent 20 minutes doing tiktok dances before ordering
ATM is a complete joke.
ATM has a cute speech impediment
"OMG I can't believe Netflix cancelled The N-Word Kitchen" - ATM, March 2023
Atm found a strange, hot, capsule along a road in the Australian Outback and immediately put it in his butt
*atm shooting a man dead in the street* “no it’s ok! I have a license to kill” *he hands you a Beastie Boys album with a K added to it in sharpie*
ATM wants to sit on a steel girder hoisted high in the air and eat lunch with his coworkers.
No one can explain why ALL of atm's records are sealed.
ATM sings a version of the song Black Magic Woman about Kamala Harris
“Max Weber’s iron cage of bureaucracy? Well I don’t know much about so-see-olo-gee and all that sonny but I do know a lot about my Weber grill and the Kamala Harris themed chastity cage I’m wearing right now” -atm, on Germans
Gore turns atm on, both the former vice president and pictures of industrial accidents
ATM plays the slap flute
Atm made a “sexiest anime wings” video and it is much more confusing than you can possibly imagine
Atm went to Roanoke
Atm would do anything for love but he won’t do that (a backflip)
ATM is the last remaining Ebionite
ATM be skipping school to smoke weed and sneak into the movies with the cool kids
"It's an AN EASY MIXUP ASSHOLE I thought you said lofi playlist!!!" -atm putting a screwdriver through a hdd
the police never found atm's body
Atm has big meaty claws
ATM listed "Cum Fiend😈" on his CV
atm got stuck on the dryer and instead of banging him silly, his stepbrother shoved him the rest of the way in and turned it on
in some circles, atm is known as the Karl Marx of gay sex
ATM is the ocean I wanna dive into tonight 😳😳😳
atm went chasing waterfalls
atm is the kinda guy who hangs out of the passenger side of his best friend's ride and tries to holler at members of TLC
atm knows everything that TI was talking about
ATM only sleeps with other people's wives
atm knows what Tokyo Revengers is
atm wants to bang your hole, any hole will do
ATM did not expect things to grow this much😳
atm is still in middle school! He got locked in and oh god they turn the heat off at night and no one is coming tomorrow and he can hear the rats in the walls the rats in the walls the rats in the walls crawling scratching squeaking the rats in the walls in the walls IN THE WALLS
ATM won't buy a car if he isn't the first one to fart in it (pop its fart cherry)
ATM has all the cool animal options and accessories: || Claws || Horns || Tusks || Tentacles || Power Doors || 15 Year Drivetrain Warranty || Proboscis || Segmented Eyes
It was Colonel Mustard and ATM, in the conservatory, with the candlestick, and that was a 50,000 grand piano.
ATM wrote "All The Small Things" by Blink 182 in response to his exes.
ATM gets Blink 182 and Sum 41 mixed up all the time and no one really calls him out on it.
in Missouri, they have a word for people like atm
ATM uses Korean bbq deodorant
The hit song "Kawaikute Gomen" was written by ATM about himself.
ATM is drinking, the soy beans juice.
atm is pretty, PRETTY GAY
ATM strapped a GoPro to a fish.
"you miss 100% of the shots you don't take" -atm, to his students after taking 3 shots of whiskey during morning homeroom
ATM HATES the woke agenda (he's very sleepy).
ATM needs a big fat creampie.
atm only says "morning" because if it was a good morning he'd be in the Pottery Barn bathroom
Atm had to call in sick because he shit the bed, again
atm is beginning to feel like a crap god a crap god
ATM has a thing for gamers
The ATM anime is airing in Summer 2024 with the OP sung by the ghost of Pop Smoke and the ED by Hoshino Gen and Hayami Saori.
ATM is still very horny for Fran Drescher.
Atm pre-ordered tickets to the magical mystery tour
It's not real ATM if it's not from Missouri, it's just sparking gay furry then.
Somehow, ATM was the straightest member of Brockhampton.
atm is drawing a manga series where world leaders were reincarnated as anime girls and ngl, Hitler is kinda hot
"I want right wings ONLY!" - ATM at the local chicken spot.
ATM described himself as an "oppai loli baba" and everyone in this server kicked his ass.
Uh oh atm forgot to remove his prince albert for the MRI
"I'm not ATM. I'm my own original character, Blatm" - ATM on trial for drug trafficking.
ATM's farts are so funky, that many hip hop songs would go on to sample it.
ATM is shorter than Xiao lmao.
ATM keeps a record of how many times he has farted in a month.
ATM wants to become the first UK Drill vtuber.
ATM gets real horny when he hears the word "slurry".
ATM is the only fan of Loonatics Unleashed.
ATM wants to hang under a kotatsu and eat persimmons all day.
ATM will tell you everything he knows about any topic as soon as you bring it up
ATM is an Ocean Man
"I don't know if that horse semen is worth THAT much... Lemme call them for a sample." -ATM traumatizing the Chinese restaurant owner's children while he eats orange chicken
atm is in an age-gap relationship that some would say is quite problematic with Illinois Central 201
When ATM came to power, he inherited a church without structure and with diverse beliefs. He held a council and created a hierarchy and unified the beliefs under the ATM Creed.
ATM played so much MTG that he went to Greenland thinking it was going to be a giant forest
All "straight pride" flags have been designed by ATM in an attempt to sabotage the straight community
The ATM operation timed out || Description: An unhandled exception occurred during the execution of the current cum request. Please review the stack trace for more information about the error and where it originated in the chode. ||  || Exception Details: System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The ATM operation timed out
atm used to keep his phone on airplane mode but someone made a twitter bot that kept track of his location
atm has hundreds of friends with benefits and they're all virgins
Atm prefers to eat his lunch very loudly at the homeless shelter
"There is no free lunch" Atm said as the homeless person he's been eating very loudly in front of pummels him
atm causes climate change
atm swears the blood on his walls is just and anti-gun message
ATM wants to creampie your dad
atm-chan wants to hang you!
atm shit himself in fear over almost using the first name of his crush
ATM lives in the sewer
ATM frequently orders pizzas delivered to specific manhole covers
atm is releasing his annual ranking of religions tomorrow and the ADL and Catholic Church have already prepared statements condemning him
ATM is working on a live-action Pokémon adaptation. He will direct the film and star as the main character, Ash Knight, an 18th century mandingo trainer from Louisiana
ATM is a neurologist and told Chris Benoit that his brain was fine back in 2007.
ATM thinks that the NFL's concussion protocol is too strict.
ATM just got hired as a mechanic for Ayrton Senna's vehicle for the San Marino Gran Prix!
ATM's favorite part of being a Wikipedia editor is changing "is" to "was" on someone's article.
In Japan they call ATM 馬の種レシーバー, which means "graceful deer", and I think that's beautiful
ATM facefucked Seal and that explains a lot.
"You miss 100% you don't take and I missed 75% shots I did take" - ATM on his failed NBA career.
Ohio is for lovers. And ATM.
Atm goes to the park with a baguette between his asscheeks to get his taint pecked by pigeons
atm can't get a good night's sleep without his jojo's™ pajamas
ATM sent 146 messages to Mori Calliope calling her a shitty Eminem wannabe and that KMNZ Lita is a better rapper.
ATM invented a new fruits
ATM invented gazebos
atm and his little brother (he's only six years old) waited in the blistering cold for Mori Calliope for four hours and she just said "no"
atm doesn't have a half brother
atm doesn't have half a brother
atm is under an NDA with cover corporation because he's heard Mori Calliope say the word
Atm has dreams involving the people on this server and smuggling things in and out of prison
atm can identify the nubis on a diagram of the female reproductive system
ATM is pre-code looking
ATM is coding (he's having a heart attack)
atm is watching Spice & Wolf. He likes the wolf girl but he's wondering when the spice girl will show up
In certain esoteric rhomboids, atm is known as the Mike Tyson of Magic: The Gathering
ATM waters down his mayo before he makes a sandwich
due to budgetary constraints, atm has been euthanized!
"Early access kickstarter funded rogue-like deckbuilder game? OH HELL YEAH I LOVE THAT SHIT" -atm
ATM is also known as the Cumpacitor
ATM always wears a balaclava during sex
ATM can fit an entire Mydethun 3D Moon Lamp with 5.9 Inch Wooden Base - LED Night Light, Mood Lighting with Touch Control Brightness for Home Décor, Bedroom, Gifts Kids Women Christmas New Year Birthday - White & Yellow up his ass
it is 2019 and atm is still sharing lolcatz memes
"Go big or go home." -atm said to the mildly put-off proctologist
ATM's showerhead is shaped like a horse cock
ATM eats nuts and berries
ATM eats butts and derrieres
atm got hooked on phonics and had to go to rehab
'Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater' is named after Hideo Kojima's favourite character: ATM
ATM is a dime
ATM is a dime a dozen
ATM needs to cum in your asshole, STAT!!
after long and strict meditation atm has finally been able to look at his past life and oh my god its the same! Its the exact same! And he's seen the further past lives and they're all the same oh my god 1000 reincarnations all the same life the same mistakes the same loss the same mundanity over and over and over again with no escape its a loop a loop a horrible terrifying unstoppable loop
"ABOLISH ICE!!" - ATM being pro global warming.
Atm was sent to prison for being too attractive
ATM clogged the hot tub time machine jet port with his penis
atm moved to japan to get practice with the pronunciation of phrases like "enjo kousai" and "nama hame"
atm's birthday is on feb 30 🎂
atm may be an android but at least he's not a gynoid
Atm can make such a good baby crying noise that he can use it to make women lactate
ATM has fantasized about killing you with a hammer
ATM has a pink P90 with stargate stickers he uses to kill nazis
ATM prays daily to the patron saint of erectile dysfunction
When ATM gets a massage, he always pays for the "happy ending" (she jumps up and down on him until he passes out)
ATM just stole your wallet
The gods gave ATM an intentional fault; If you ask him to make you chili, he must do it.
Atm thinks the song highway to hell is about I-70
atm has formica underwear
ATM was
ATM will fart during his lectures and say "It's all Gucci, that was a dry one"
ATM likes his guitars like he likes his anuses - pink, used, and cheap
ATM's new hit single Lyndon B Good To My Johnson just came out
how was atm supposed to know that his neighbor was Japanese-Mexican when he called him a "beaner" on setsubun??
Atm still regularly sends strongly worded letters to TV networks over the fact that tinky winky has a purse
ATM gets paid to write kpop fanfiction
atm buys cans of alphabet soup to spell out slurs
Atm snost and lost
Atm lost "you laugh you lose" at the soup kitchen
inside of atm there is something unimaginably dark and when he's pushed to the brink he shits himself
atm's been posting a lot of fake facts under a sockpuppet account, hoping people would think he's cool
Atm made a sockpuppet account hoping someone would put fingers in his ass
Atm has roses and a box of chocolates and he’s all ready to confess his feelings to his crush but unfortunately the anti-terrorism unit shot him 3 times before he could get close enough to the General Electric BWR-5 Mk. II at the Nine Mile Point Nuclear Generation Station in Scriba, New York
Atm wants to jack off but the ransomware scammers that locked his chastity cage won’t let him
ATM was recently updated and can now accept NFC payments by placing your card near his butt
Atm reads off facts from here on first dates
Atm is a man on the edge and Kamala Harris is gonna start her speech any minute now
ATM is not banging his sister
ATM is gonna prepare a supper of boiled dog live on instagram
Atm is banned from the daycare next door because he kept pretending to have a kid to flirt with the staff
ATM is a porpoise
ATM died of thirst
"so thirsty... we told him it wouldn't quench his thirst, only make him thirstier, but did he listen?" -on atm
Don't look at the hands on any pictures of ATM for too long, or you'll notice they look AI generated
ATM built a little birdhouse in my soul
Most ufo sightings are atm
you can buy a knock-off atm on Amazon thats about a quarter of the price and the same quality as the real thing and you don't have to wait for it ship from Japan
Atm is so white he won't even eat peanut butter
atm just hooked a bottle of beer into his insulin pump
"This is the third time!! I'm filing a police report if you come in here like this again Mario, it's abuse!" "I'm so sorry babe, really I wont let it happen again." *Mario squeezes ATM's hand* "Antibiotics being used like this is why we're going to see a super-bug." *Handing the script to ATM* "No more olive oil as lubricant, got it?"
Atm regularly uses a breast pump and has a fridge dedicated to storing his milk
for black history month, atm remembers that black people exist
ATM is an angle subtendies with bbq sauce
ATM is actually a kiwi bird, with biiiiiig booty and an even bigger beak
ATM acts like and perhaps even believes that he's morally against incest because it increases the risk of genetic diseases, when actually the reason he's against it is that he personally finds it disgusting, something which becomes apparent if you ask him his opinion on gay incest
this is a magical fact that only comes up from `!fact` while atm is jacking off
ATM makes and sells charcoal drawings of Bryan Cranston
"gee atm this goat and radish curry sure is good, say where is Nahida and Ganyu?" || *atm looking away* || *laugh track plays*
atm's favorite fantasy race is human
atm has a sign in his empty land near the stadium that says "Welcome to my barking lot! Notice how theres no 'p' in it? Thats because its a BARKING lot for DOGS to BARK and I guess dog FURRIES are ok and as soon as I can find a tool rental place where I'm not BLACKLISTED from I'll rent a JACKHAMMER and tear up this asphalt and plant some TREES which have BARK so this can be a BARKING LOT for DOGS and FURRIES and TREES to BARK in."
Atm hasn't showered in a month because he's trying to emanate the one true boysmell
atm goes to Olive Garden for the burgers
atm's SKIN is LOOSE
ATM wants to break you down so badly
atm is in a Christian rap-rock band
ew gross an atm just crawled out of merth's mouth
On July 24th, 1969 a little after 17:00 UTC, atm was born in Hawaii in a pregnancy that the doctors thought for sure was going to be a stillbirth until the baby started showing signs of life about 10 minutes beforehand.
When there was nothing else to burn, atm set your mom on fire
ATM can fit a whole Pringles stack in his mouth.
atm went up to the roof to confess his feelings to his crush and the Secret Service really wants to know how he got all the way to the roof of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building and got that close to the AN/TWQ-1 Avenger
atm is two sentence horror and both sentences are horror
Atm thinks the word "fascist" is a slur and he proudly uses it
Atm has destroyed multiple toilets with post drinking shits
ATM has a CCW permit for his butt
ATM pissed in Merth's bed.
ATM tried putting on a virgin killer sweater but he died instead.
Cuda sold ATM an NFT of Kamala Harris's armpits for $98.4 million dollars.
ATM loves making a nice slurry with cocaine.
ATM bought too many effects pedals and now he can't retire
atm doesn't tire because he's a machine
ATM just got his pilot license and is flying his first commercial flight! He even has famous singers such as Buddy Holly, Ritchie Valens, and JP Richardson onboard!
ATM thought the Broadway musical "Jersey Boys" was about his exes.
ATM's mom found goatse on his computer and thought it was his porn
ATM steals your accent if he sleeps with you
ATM is the dreaded pit beast
4 raccoons just stole ATM’s car
ATM got a glock in his rari
ATM is one of those vocaloid producers that doesn't give titles to their songs.
ATM has a British fursona named "The Sheriff of Knottingham"
a 14th beer at Chili's has struck atm's liver
Atm has valued your season of friendship, but he's been revaluating his capacity to be a good friend to you lately, and he doesn't want to disappoint your expectations.
ATM is deeply homophobic
atm was not invited back to comedy open mic night after he performed his character "Homo Shlomo"
ATM hates homonyms
Atm fell in love with his fleshlight
ATM's favorite bloons td unit is Pat Fusty
ATM thinks 0 to the power of 0 is 0. Fuckin idiot
atm loves milfs
ATM loves watching yacht videos on youtube and making comments about how reasonably priced 7.5m is
ATM is a hybrid between a chimpanzee and a pig
atm has animal ears and a tail that pop out for comedic effect
atm opened a yaoi host cafe in the US and keeping with American food service tradition, he hired only ex-cons that chain smoke or do heroin. Lets just say its not *quite* like a shojo manga.
Atm made a cafe where the theme is girls pretending to be into each other but they're all actually gay
atm auditioned to play the bassoon in merth's post-hardcore band
atm's life is like a movie, specifically End of Evangelion
atm is a fleshy guy
please stop drinking the scope atm
All of atm's cups have built-in straws
ATM will steal your bones on the first date.
atm is dipshit
ATM is a korone anti
*atm waking up screaming* || *the rats that live in his walls forming into a vague human shape and speaking with many voices as one* "What is wrong, child?" || atm: "I had a nightmare, a nightmare that Kamala Harris had diabetes and had to get her feet amputated but but I was the surgeon! I had to be the one to mutilate her precious feet!" || *rat legion* "there there child, it was but just a nightmare" *hands atm a female rat* "suckle upon the warm milk of a mother so that you may have sweet dreams of only the loveliest feet" || atm: "thanks rat legion, you're the best parent I could ever ask for!" || *rat legion explodes into individual rats and scurries back into the walls*
atm invented a "wireless toilet" which raises more questions than it answers
Atm loves bi lesbian and bisexuals dating the opposite gender discourses
It is now what atm refers to as the homosexualing hour
ATM’s rap name is Grandwizard Fash
Atm licks the railings in the subway hoping to get a cold so his crush can come over to take care of him but all he got was mouth syphillis
Atm runs a cat girl maid cafe in Hungary
I dropped some sticks on the ground in front of atm and he looked at them and then started screaming
Atm has a new boyfriend and a local construction site is missing a jackhammer
You can break ATM’s skull with a hammer!
Atm uses machine learning to predict when his friends are masturbating
Atm wants to touch your hole
Atm is the Mark David Chapman of Kessoku Band
ATM makes videos of Genshin characters doing sexy kpop dances.
atm takes sexy kpop dance videos and captions them with "go white girl go"
they call atm 007: || 0 contact with his ex-wife || 0 visitation rights with his kids || 7 DUIs
ATM listens to The Doors
atm is knocking on heaven's doors (this means that he is pining for the fjords)
atm sent anthrax to his favorite vtuber after she talked about a fart she did and he couldn't stand that he didn't get to hear it
atm is yours
ATM immanentized the eschaton 😏
Atm has no rizz (he's in his flop era)
The Star spangled banner was actually written about ATMs first venereal disease
ATM always references the death of the author when discussing Mein Kampf
ATM bought a geoduck and isn't gonna eat it 😈
ATM calls J.K. Rowling "J-Krizzy"
ATM is prepared to forgive J.K. Rowling for her transphobia, provided her next book is racist against the guyanese
Atm ate all the cotton candy out of my walls
ATM knows all about Kamala Harris' 5 feet
No fooling necessary, shame ATM because he likes it.
ATM started a club for dudes who enjoy watching their wives sleep with other men called the "Cool Cucks Clan"
Atm hates milk ever since a Skyrim npc called him a milk drinker
atm took a perfect shit the first time he ever did it and he's just been reproducing the bowels movement ever since
ATM called me the n-word
atm has a 12 part video series where he discusses what Genshin women's feet would realistically be like, every video is at least 2 hours long
find yourself a man who looks at you like atm has been looking at the train derailment in East Palestine, Ohio
ATM came on the train tracks in East Palestine, Ohio
ATM wants the same fault determination from auto insurance to be adapted for use in healthcare!
Atm doesn't need to be tuned. He always has perfect intonation.
ATM found God in a Pipedream Extreme - PDX Elite - Milk Me Silly Male Masturbator Latex Fuckable Replica Ass
atm will grift you and force feed you nerds
ATM's new book How To Kiss Ferrets went platinum
ATM makes rap covers of catholic hymns to bring the kids back to the church.
President ATM practices his state of the union address in front of his plushy collection.
ATM drank two gallons of milk in 42 minutes
ATM threw up two gallons of milk in 41 seconds
lettuce, tomatos, miracle whip, pickles, and cracked black pepper atm on white
ATM's 11th grade report card read "hard sucks"
merth beat ATM into a small coma with his oatmeal cookies
ATM is cranking his hog
ATM lives in a chocobo forest
ATM traveled back in time to fuck a pterodactyl
ATM is ALWAYS down to play triple triad
Good news! Atm finally stocked up enough Styrofoam. Time for a trip to the gas station!
*atm vomiting into a computer* "sorry guys I'm a little cyberdrunk"
atm got a perfect score on the raads-r test
just when you think he's done, atm will pull out his second penis and enter phase 2 dual wielding
Atm still browses r/braveryjerk
atm still browses 4chan
atm keeps a period chart for all of his favorite idols
ATM is spiritually disabled.
ATM hasn't made his KPIs for the month.
Atm wrote a dark and gritty doujin of Quintessential Quintuplets set during the Sengoku period. It’s terrible.
"Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!" - ATM after robbing a Native American tribe of all their gold
ATM thinks your sexuality, gender, ethnicity, and sex should be determined by him.
In his mind, ATM is a teacher. But in his heart, he's a Racist.
atm heard the police were looking for a racist terrorist and called in, but he didn't get the job
atm just announced his engagement to hayasemaru and readers are rioting
ATM’s favorite artist is Renoir 😂
ATM is in all of our asses, metaphorically, <:ChildeThink:848948670774509599> <:ChildePensive:805069288205320212>
too many ATMs aren't able to practice their love with terrorist boys across the country
ATM offers three paid services:  || 1) Whack a guy || 2) Off a guy || 3) Whack off a guy
ATM is half man half horse
25 years ago ATM served bagged cum if you were Canadian or from Maine
when it's raining atm looks out the window melancholically, pretending he's getting filmed for a music video
ATM will not rest until every music track on youtube has a top comment describing the death of a loved one
ATM became a Men's Rights Activist after watching Terminator 2.
ATM: kid tested, mom approved
ATM was Jim Steinman's muse
ATM thinks you should only date people of the same maturity level, which sounds great until he brings up immature manchildren
atm ate the last pizza slice
atm kisses and tells, seriously he won't stop telling we don't care
I'm here because i recognize the one truth that atm is the monad using us to power up and punch the demiurge in the scrote.
ATM is running for president under a platform of bukkacracy.
atm was shot 5 minutes after crossing the border into Manitoba
ATM is currently experiencing "Twink Death".
merthcels be seething over atmchads
Atm pronounces "reddit" like a frog
atm's personality just screams disinterested handjob
"It's an AN EASY MIXUP ASSHOLE I thought you said 3d model of a moose" -atm putting a screwdriver through a hdd
Whenever atm says the word prostitute the bass line kicks in
ATM's cum tastes like pilk
ATM can be found under the truck near the S.S. Anne ship in Vermillion City.
ATM can mate with ANY Pokemon, male, female, or genderless
Atm has perfect rhythm
Atm has perfect timbre
atm has deep philosophical conversations in 24/7 bird feeder stream chats
atm opened the first plural possessive Dennies'
when atm says tf2, he means titanfall 2
atm wishes his couch was big as the Eiffel Tower so he could chill with his buds for 72 hours
how often do i need to vacuum atm?
atm has grown tired of his friends and requires fresh meat
Atm makes his own vegemite
atm is working hard to build a robot capable of seamlessly replacing him for the sixth time
Atm thought “twink death” was what happened to Paul Atreides at the end of Messiah
Atm got arrested for claiming his chickens were unemployed  humans to get them under the federal unemployment tax act
facts *do* care about atm's feelings
ATM always starts his DMs with [Secure].
When asked about the Jewish question, atm simolied replied "Filtered"
Atm crushed Bocchi with a rock
ATM thinks airlines need fewer regulations
atm measures his penis in kWh/m^2y
ATM is a time mage, and he freezes time to fondle people
ATM pulls your pants down:
ATM's watts have an area *twink*
"... so the sum would be 12769." *ATM slamming his hand on the table yells* "69 her?! I hardly know her!!!" Causing the rest of the class to burst out laughing while the teacher's face paled showing visible disgust. "You're not in Kansas anymore." (ATM's first teaching job had been in Ohio) "Fuck I love teaching the 4th grade, please don't send me to HR again."
for sale, atm shoes, never worn (he peed in them)
ATM wrote most of the play station demo disc menus
ATM is an exclusive version of the Sega Dreamcast
atm is firin' his lazor
atm waxes his face
fill atm up to the line before you pop him in the microwave
atm speaks fluent Latin
the fine-structure constant is actually the cosmological mailing address of atm's butt
atm has $30 in his bank account, a gun in his hand and is on the 4th round of Russian roulette
atm needs hole, no blacks
ATM electrocuted Jhonty in a paid sex act gone awry
"Keep the change, ya filthy animal." -ATM, in a horrifying re-usage of the quote
ATM got a job in HVAC; harrowing violent arduous constipation
Atm always gets a prenup so that he doesn't lose his funko pops in the inevitable divorce
atm always books reservations for his divorce party before the marriage has passed
atm gets off to german women saying the word albatross
atm wants to fuck you in the mouth
atm is morally gay
ATM keeps food in his beard for safe keeping.
Companies refuse to buy ATM's private information no matter how much he offers.
Atm is purposefully spreading misinformation
ATM grilled and ate JFK.
ATM knew merth wanted more pedals so he stole cuda's bike.
ATM directed softcore porn movies in the mid 2000s.
ATM throws beans at english soccer players.
ATM doxxed Osama Bin Laden.
ATM is excited for his Hawaii vacation starting on December 7th, 1941.
ATM is known as "The Miami Sound Machine".
ATM drinks the shampoo that his oshi uses.
"Boy i love short stacks" -ATM sweating profusely with a visible boner in the middle of an IHOP.
ATM is a 4/4 for 4.
ATM wants Korone to fist him.
@🌈nyaaaa~ :3c hey so @ℒℯ 『atm』 keeps pitching a "cum only diet" to me, what does this mean?
ATM's orifices have no limits
atm kills phantoon with super missiles
Atm keeps referring to his chlamydia as "catgirl ouchies"
ATM is like a praying mantis: he'll have sex and then immediately eat a praying mantis.
ATM started a "side hustle" cleaning out VTubers' litter boxes
ATM gave birth to Connor
ATM will give you context <:bridget:864224809336307713>
atm drank all the pilk again
atm is the gayvernor of this town
Atm sells homemade pilk out a shack in his front yard
ATM buys E.L. Fudge cookies cause he thinks theyre twinks
there is no secret atm level
ciabatta bread? i hardly know him! -atm, wat?
atm is a hetslut...
atm loves society
atm says a lot about his society, in his manifesto that the police found when they raided his home
*atm walking Yasir Jiis on a leash* "domesticated terrorist"
""Let's get it started (in here)?" More like "I can stop farting (but flip)"" || - ATM
ATM has a Kirino Kousaka 1/2 Scale Soft Bust Ver.
ATM thinks he's finally done with twitter
ATM lives in the New Jerusalem, the center place of God's Kingdom.
Atm has kept a logbook of every fart he's done with the exact time and smell rating for the past 18 years
atm aspired to become a school idol and win the love live competition but when he went to the school they arrested him
ATM sends pictures to phat of random women in public with the caption "white woman alert 🤣"
atm revolutionized the anime community by introducing doms to the subs vs dubs debate
atm loves pranking his friends by replacing their ffmpeg.exe with creamy_fart.wav
ATM isn't Merth
"Hard 3" is what ATM calls his penis
ATM is gonna have an asphyxi-wank from the tree in Golgotha that Judas hung himself from
ATM let loose dozens of kittens and puppies onto the field during the Superbowl, unfortunately
atm-chan is a foid!
atm just invented "shitgunning" beer
atm is walking through the grocery store at 7am wearing nothing but his boxers with a Glock 17 tucked into the waistband
ATM pooped the bed
atm brought his special party dish to the super bowl party, its a baking dish full of guns baked for 40 minutes at 350
ATM is preggers and we're all anxiously awaiting to see what species it is
"Deuteronomy? You know I'd rather have that dude Ron on me" - ATM
There once was a lad from Missouri  || Who ate all his food in a hurry || But his gut got upset || Causing him great regret  || As he coated his thighs in a slurry
Atm can't delvide decide what his favorite episode of the office is. Gosh they're just all so good!
atm never gets chocolate on valentine's day (they are too shy to hand it over)
atm never gets chocolate on valentine's day (nobody likes him)
ATM streams exclusively on bilibili.
The fansubs refer to atm as "fagboy"
Atm doesn't translate the word senpai but he does translate kouhai as "underclassmen"
ATM is giving everyone in this server giri choco.
atm "ate" my "choco"
ATM got Dick Dastardly and Waluigi confused and who can blame him really.
ATM religiously believes in the Great Filter
ATMs butthole is the great filter
ATM has a bedroom-sized microwave to keep warm during the winter
"I don't want to love you. I just want to fuck you. You should bring your friends through. I'll fuck you and them too." || ~ ATM's wedding vows for his disgracegul two-month marriage to Logan Paul
ATM kneels FOR racism.
ATM is belligerent and drunk.
ATM is a KIKE. A Kind Individual Killing Extremists
Rejoice! ATM has been successfully victimized!
atm has the List of Ethnic Slurs wikipedia page bookmarked
ATM walks the left hand path
atm can make you ejaculate on command (but he forgot what the command was)
atm is floofy with 2 foot long cat-hair like a cat
atm was asked to leave Ambar because "its bottomless brunch and atm is clearly a bottom"
ATM spends his retirement running a hot spring for horses
atm can change the direction of the wind using only his piss
ATM can tell the direction of the wind using only his piss
ATM drew a rafske of you, a "rucky gucky" if you will
ATM knows the exact internal temperature of your piss.
give enough ketamine to atm and he'll play an entire opera with his mouth on your tummy
atm drew a very long doujin called "Vtuber Abortion Clinic"
atm's piss is never internal
ATM can tell the exact temperature of your piss using only his face
atm sus mta
ATM was caning it down the motorway at 120mph and doesn't know why he was pulled over (tax evasion)
ATM wants to suck off an MTA train car
ATM is the LeBron James of sniffing your chair after you stand up
David Silverstone saw atm fuck a poo
Atm has been living inside someone's walls for 3 years now. It is someone from this server and they haven't found out yet
check out atm's newest ASMR "That Shark Vtuber Gets An Abortion From Korone"
ATM paid for and masturbated to that one penis mincer ASMR
ATM is gonna get his dick wet tonight (dipping it in acid)
Atm's mom patched up his pre-worn jeans
"As a man, I need to sit down, shut up, and listen" - ATM, sitting down in the stall in the women's restroom
Atm was, in fact, frying chicken in there
ATM is here to skate and go to film school.
atm jumped the shark
any date where the cops weren't called is a good date to atm
atm doesn't like them because he hates fun
when atm "jumped the shark" he actually mugged that one vtuber
atm found the one piece but he already ate it all and there's none left for us
ATM is under local investigation after updating his profile status to "Leaking in Ohio"
ATM kinda liked it when Neil Armstrong put his boot down
atm is wholesome bro he just heals the soul he's so wholesome!
"Beat her? I hardly know her!" -ATM, aghast
"They say every dog has its day but today this gay has his dog" -atm, shortly before sharing a passionate first kiss with Rowlf
ATM fingered my asspussy and then his own nosepussy
ATM's favorite part of cribbage is the board
atm rocked my paper scissors
ATM sexually identifies as insufferable
ATM is insufferable, thus far. He's asked that we all keep trying because he's into that.
ATM thinks hbd means hang by dawn
ATM collects rare gazebos
atm is into ruined orgasms
"uooh time to give this brat some correction" - ATM getting off his plane at Stockholm Arlanda Airport with only a baseball bat
keep it simple stupid -atm
ATM enjoys sucking on a big mustache
atm is a national security threat but you will never guess *which* nation
atm was abducted by aliens and they immediately put him back
ATM can go super saiyan but his armpit hair grows and glows
atm is a bitch
*atm taking a face from the ancient gallery* || atm's dad: just take out the garbage you stupid jackass || *atm walking on down the hall* || atm's mom: do you have to be such a bitch about everything? Jesus I wish I aborted you || *atm taking off the face and taking out the trash while crying a little*
ATM has all the powers of Gumby! .. I mean.. actually it's just his balls.
"A wicked wind this way blows" -atm, laying out a loud and foul fart in the elevator
atm keeps posting pics of babies in the food channel
Being ATM is the most terrible loneliness in the universe
ATM is the Prince of Pegging
Atm thinks the number 2 physically exists
atm knows the number 2 physically exists because he did one in merth's bed
ATM is an inherent axiom of existence.
ATM set his boob on fire
ATM went back in time to teach Martin Luther King Jr. And Malcolm X the Wakanda Forever salute.
ATM is like Brazil at the World Cup, overhyped and disappointing.
ATM is directing a gay porno where some giant Russian dudes destroy a tiny Ukrainian dude.
atm made a porn parody of The Deer Hunter called The Rear Hunter which surprisingly has more to do with Hunter Biden than it does with the 1978 film
ATM doesn't wear a condom because his anatomy acts as a labyrinth seal
ATM is phyrexian
ATM likes to slash the bike tires of the homeless
atm went to a gloryhole and all he got was a VHS of the 1989 film "Glory"
ATM claims he caught Gulf War Syndrome from his time vacationing in Iraq.
Atm wants to finger your hole
atm did the english dub for Bocchi the Rock, to do Bocchi's voice he just held a teenager at gunpoint and made her recite the lines
Atm sells knock-off children on the street
Atm runs an orphanage for creepy twins
Flipping the script: atm was grilled and eaten by Rowlf during some sexual roleplay
Atm loves chili dogs
ATM wants to do race play with Jhonty (Jhonty is a Seventh Cavalry commander, and ATM is a Sioux squaw who will do anything to save her village)
ATM uses the stand your ground laws to justify sexing his would-be robbers
ATM slapped supergauntlet's face off his face
Atm smacked cuda into tiny little pieces
Come on slag I want that weld splatter on my bell end -British atm
British atm is transphobic
British ATM wears a bowler hat and says "cheerio"
British ATM has bad teeth and makes the most tasteless fish and chips
british atm is right posh, innit
"Oooh Filipino, I thought you said Philly Pee No" - ATM teaching the Philadelphia 76ers about Omorashi.
ATM can count to 1023 using his fingers
ATM has described his style as "St. Louis-kei"
ATM was an instrumental member of the Planemic Committee
It was ATM who originally came up with idea of Race in order to sell humans.
ATM is ordering people from Ukraine
ATM can count to 1024 using his fingers
atm doesn't have knuckles
Merth wishes ATM would use his knuckles
ATM can count to 3 on his fingers
atm can count to n on his fingers, for positive integers n less than or equal to 1024
ATMs come in threes
ATM ate the illegal hamburger.
ATM reminds parents that their children will one day die
Atm disowned a child because they came out as straight
Atm has had a yeast infection in his armpit for the past thirteen years
When ATM sees a hot lady on the street he does Awooga but with his butthole
ATM goes Invisible on Steam before playing Hogwarts Legacy
atm made a videogame called Dogfarts Legacy based around the interracial porn studio
"uh oh SpaghettiOs".... "The fuck did you just say?" -ATM in southern Italy
atm pre-ordered 6 gura dakis
atm tastes like shrimp
atm thinks its gay to impregnate women
atm is really fast cause he's got a ton of arch
atm did the Washington monument
Atm wants to make like a tree and bark all night
ATM has been strangely silent since the Labor Department found the child laborers in the meat packing factory.
"I've come to reclaim my child! Where is my dragon egg ATM?!" -atm 'yikes' moment 624
ATMs go to pickup line for Trump supporters is "my dick is so based the libs want to ban it!"
atm is chronically offline
"This mario hack is amazing, it's seriously pog! It's a pog-rom!" - ATM, clueless
atm learned what a rhotic stop was so he could impress bottoms
ATM is a wasted outlaw
ATM wants to suckle the shit straight from my asshole
atm once got an entire dictionary stuck in his rectum
ATM calls them "Tribe Called Quest"
atm will be devoured by a swarm of phats
Dave Willis, the creator of Aqua Teen Hunger Force, based the Dumbassahedratron off of ATM
Atm likes us
ATM stole my teeth
atm is a theoretical sexsicist and theoretically sexist
atm has a scale figure of atm
Atm is ready to kick gum and chew ass...and he's all out of ass
I'm REALLY into teeth -atm, smiling at his hygienist
atm has crabs, not pubic lice, but actual crabs on his genitals. Fucking blue crab just chilling in his bush, man horseshoe crab just crawling around his junk and shit
ATM's crabs carry knives
By calling in reservations for two at a local coffee and desert bar, scientists working at CERN have discovered a new way of interacting with Neutrinos utilizing ATM.
atm wants to take you to the triple 6 clubhouse
ATM is super into S Club 7
ATM doesn't want to be labeled as a "groomer" so he hasn't shaved, showered, or wiped his ass in over 6 months.
I could never be ATM's Ranka.
Atm is a ramen topper (he puts his dick in the noodles)
Atm is a member of The Don Guard, a group of self appointed protectors of Donald Trump
when atm said he wanted to come over and "crack open a cold one together" I thought he meant beer and not a raw frozen chicken that he'd gnaw on while making me watch 80s porn with him
ATM has dignity if you know where to look
ATM goes up to marvel fans and tells them that the Honeyworks cinematic universe is better.
ATM won the lottery and the first thing he bought was a 50 gallon drum of reeses pieces m&ms
atm watches clips from Uma Musume to hype himself up for shifts at the local slaughterhouse
ATM got real hot and bothered when he saw Jesus's side wound.
"The Lance of Longinus" is what ATM calls his penis.
ATM accidentally sold military secrets to Rushia instead of Russia.
ATM somehow convinced his insurance provider that it was medically necessary for him to get a Brazilian Butt Lift.
ATM does an ahegao every time he eats at Buffalo Wild Wings.
ATM stuck a moruga scorpion pepper up his butt.
ATM is on the highway to the danger zone (Ohio).
ATM doesn't have that dawg in him (he's not a white woman)
"No psych beds available in the state? Well you can stay in my bed ;3" - ATM
atm is the james cameron of gay porn
ATM gillar tomatsoppa
atm scared off another potential friend today, he can't help it - fingers are just too fascinating to ignore
Atm is poisoning the well of knowledge with woke shit...and cyanide
We haven't had ATM stay over again; last time he started talking about football at 4am, set off my neighbor's gaydar, and woke half the neighborhood up
atm is known in the midwest as "The Human Mcdonalds Sprite"
ATM unlocked his ancestral memories after eating too many blazing wings at Buffalo Wild Wings.
ATM has a sexual awakening every morning.
ATM ships Bear Grylls x Zelenskyy, ***NOT*** Zelenskyy x Bear Grylls!
ATM's shitter is infected
Atm's toilet is haunted
Atm is the dark souls of bowel movements
With normal usage ATM's battery lasts for approx. 6 hours
ATM had come to regret the Ohio tattoo he got on his left shoulder, unfortunately the artist fixing it turned it into Florida
i'll show you a spicy dune -atm speaking angrily to gordon ramsay
ATM puts the ATM in ATM (shoved an entire ATM up his ass)
ATM won't listen to my music
Atm is feisty
ATM can serve as a live edge drinks coaster
Atm was the first patient at Dr Gay Hitler's clinic
ATM thought the psych ward was where all the people he denied high fives went.
ATM is the new translator for Cypher Academy.
"Galpi this galpi that, I just want a gal to pee on me" - ATM preparing for his Japan trip.
atm's primary export is copium
ATM wishes he were short because he wants women to make fun of him
"Blessed be the geek, for he shall inherit the merth" -atm, willing ownership of merth to nerfgunner upon atm's death
He doesn't know what it is, but ATM is really excited to try waterboarding on his vacation to Guantanamo Bay! He made sure to pack his swim trunks!
atm snaps his fingers and kingdoms crumble
ATM has been collecting our finger and toe nails.
ATM is Ethyria yeah
ATM has a supply issue
for prospective tenants, following a qualifying application, ATM will cover up to 80% of animal euthanasia fees
atm became a recruiter for the Marine Corps and quickly hit his quota by setting up outside a middle school
the atm next door is spoiled rotten! (died 3 weeks ago)
ATM got a Columbian butt lift
atm can start paying back those loans now that he got a job as an anusteaseiologist
"Always the dumpee, never the dumper 😔" -atm, on what Rowlf does on his chest
ATM got booty shorts that says "Mind the Gap"
atm is the kindly janitor at school that dispenses folksy advice to students about things like card games, committing domestic terrorism and fighting games
Atm just got dumped and now he’s getting really into stoicism and Roman history
Atm was the first programmer to implement boob jiggle physics in his game. It was a 2004 flash dress-up game for Garfield.
ATM cannot escape the weight of his sins.
"Atomic Heart? More like Atomic FART! No seriously, please tell me when they make a mod that makes the robots brap" || - ATM on the Russia-Ukraine conflict
atm is doing his best (it just isn't good enough)
Crabs evolve into ATM.
ATM invented "The Poop Loop Diet", a diet where you only eat own shit. It's very popular with the 4chan crowd.
ATM killed them all. Not just the men, but the women and children too. He used knives and guns
Atm has the genetic memories of all his ancestors inside him and they are just very incredibly disappointed
ATM is from a land down under (Hell)
the CERN has been sending assassins to stop atm
ATM casted Lucifer out of heaven because Lucifer wouldn't let him tap that sweet angel boypussy.
ATM took his talents to South Beach to join Dwyane Wade and the Miami Heat
atm is THE iDOLM@STER
ATM legitimately hates his childhood friends.
Atm's hip-hop arc had to be censored in subsequent releases due to its excessive use of slurs
ATM is a big Liverpool fan and can't wait to attend their game against Real Madrid on February 21st, 2023. It's gonna be so exciting for him!
atm is not quebecois
Atm was moistened by his own retardant (covered himself in fire extinguisher)
atm walked around the summer festival with his crush (his parole officer)
ATM's funkopop band Allgay Misogyny gained one new fan yesterday with the release of their new single Boobastank
Check out ATM's band's new hard-hitting single, Women
atm pronounces "INXS" as "IN-XUSSUS"
ATM is literally afraid of the Gayes
ATM has recorded several songs that topped the Brazilian charts. They're all about his itchy, poopy butthole.
ATM can't stop mentally rating everyone he sees on a scale from yes to no
atm almost died
atm absolutely ruined merth's pussy (he shaved one of his cats really badly)
Atm got muted for 2 days in his favorite discord because he posted armpit pussy pics
atm loves ntr
Atm orgasms every time someone refers to him as a dragoon
Atm has been getting into this cute romance show named School Days
ATM's food processor has 16 cores
ATM just stole a loaf of bread. Hopefully the French prison system goes easy on him!
ATM: I love all members of the server equally! || ATM, earlier that day: I don't care for Jher.
atm's a gob
ATM is always armed with a sabre.
On September 11, 2001, ATM crashed himself into the Twin Towers.
It an atm. How much can it cost, 10 dollars?
atm sitter här i venten och spelar lite dota
ATM can fast travel to any of the urinals he's shit in.
ATM wears expensive white shirts when he's eating spaghetti.
ATM eats his spaghetti like ramen.
ATM can't grow facial hair lol
If ATM doesn't tell me I'm cool  in the next 2 minutes I will start randomly banning people
Looks like ATM fucked up again
ATM is working at a pop up weeb themed strip club under the name "Ridin' Hogun"
Atm is in the Empress camp of the Empress vs Fitgirl wars
You can feel pain because ATM wants you to
ATM wants to cum between your tits
ATM prefers Airplane II: The Sequel to Airplane!
ATM has been #sexualized.
atm is in a Bon Jovi cover band named Slippery when Wet
ATM loves "John Bond Jovi" [sic]
"I like my hole like I like the American dream: completely unattainable for black people" -atm's Grindr profile
ATM puts paint thinner in his coffee every morning
Atm's dad was a cow and his mom was a boy.
ATM has a brilliant idea, he's going to be a big mommy milkies lewd vtuber who's bad at singing. How original!
hard to get atm away from outback
ATM has a smoking hot body (set himself on fire)
ATM's signature catchphrase "I'm jherkin my gherkin" was the inspiration for his friend Jher's handle
atm takes the raw string
atm joins random discord voice chats and doesn't make a noise except for when he laughs way too hard at stuff that isn't meant to be a joke
atm thinks the latest antman movie is truly batchest
atm was banned from twitch for accidentally showing his pickled stillborn collection
atm's waterbed is bad for his back
Atm fucked the Berlin Wall
ATM got his clit pierced at Claire's
ATM was admitted to the ER for putting his balls in the Dippin' Dots machine
ATM has uranium nipples
"Yeah I'm asexual, A Sexual Nightmare!!" || - ATM on chastity
atm: man I'm really strugglebussy this morning || merth: ummmm don't you mean "struggle bussing" you absolute pathetic moron, you idiot, you lowly worm incapable of using even the most pedestrian slang of the proud and sensical English language? || *loud thump and cracking sound as a truly giant iron buttplug falls out the bottom of atm's skirt and crushes merth's foot* || atm: no, the thing I said
atm has a reverse bowl cut, on nice days he goes to the park and fills it with birdseed
The beautiful onee-chan next door has filed a restraining order against ATM.
ATM is locked at 30 frames per second.
Atm is water cooled please you have to stop the overheating with your pee
ATM challenged Mikeneko to a menhera battle, ATM lost badly.
atm hates humans
ATM killed me
Atm is both Gog and Magog.
ATM should gog magog lol
Atm carefully checks the weight and balance of the anime replica swords at the knife store in the local dying mall
Don’t imagine that ATM came to bring peace to the earth! He came not to bring peace, but a sword.
ATM traveled back in time to be the person who washed Jesus's feet.
Atm started a fight club in kindergarten
Atm is known as “The Devourer of Angeles” for the time he greatly improved the country
Atm destroyed merth’s poop factory
ATM cries like a bitch when people tells him he sucks(he actually sucks)
ATM was heavily disappointed when he learned that "Creepy Nuts" refers to a Japanese hip hop duo and not merth's ball sack.
ATM called a cop a cab to the morgue after he shot him.
in the words of ATM "she was asking for it"
ATM invented mini golf so he could finally golf with women
ATM invented miniskirts so that he could show off his thighs
Atm invented minifridges so that he could sleep with them
ATM has a rare brain disease called Sugg Ondies.
ATM just made a Mountain Doo Doo: Code Red
ATM is buying Japan
ATM took out supergauntlet's power as divine judgement
atm is the secret third oingo boingo brother
atm wears his "I cry if I lose at minigolf" shirt on first dates
ATM knows how to rock and roll
ATM won't buy a cow because he can milk the bull for free
atm has collected every strawberry and he's really smug about it
ATM thinks "Whodunnit"s should be called "Who'll tf did fribba ℒℯ"s
ATM's date: \*emphasizes cleavage* || ATM: nice cow breast bro
atm makes sure to get a desk cat to lie on his keyboard keys every time he's streaming
atm runs an all-Jewish barbershop called "Jew-do Chop"
the jewish space lasers were handcrafted by atm
atm only dates in the warm months because thats when women are most likely to wear open-toed shoes
ATM says "Spy ECKS family", and he's proud of it
ATM shouts silly chuuni attack names when beating his wife and kids
atm asks his dates their blood type not to do romantic compatibility but to start gauging organ compatibility
The Ghostbusters: "Wow! This is the freshest ectoplasm we have encountered!" || *ATM walking out the bathroom with a copy of Furry Femboy Monthly*
atm destroyed merth's pussyhole (cat door)
There is no ATM, only Zuul.
ATM is manlier than you (he has had more men inside him than you have)
ATM's favorite movie is "The Adventures of Pluto Nash"
Atm runs a sundown town (no swearing past 10pm)
carpe cum -atm's proverbs
ATM is the father of toxic gas (farts) and chemical warfare (farts also)
Atm is the leading cause of death for hitchhikers between the ages 16-35 in southeast Missouri
ATM still hasn't forgiven Richard Dean Anderson for leaving Stargate, even though he did it to spend more time with his family
atm plays the bass in Tim Kaine's and Mark Warner's band
ATM wears horsehair underwear
ATM has truck bazongas
atm got stuck out of bounds and had to reset the run
ATM loves to eat steak at expensive restaurants and request A1 sauce with it just to give the chef anxiety
Atm thought the message of American History X was to be more racist
atm has a Japanese style room in his home (parents' basement) because he is an exhausting weeb
ATM thinks neckbeard is an ableist slur
atm thought "queerbaiting" was when you dangled Lady Gaga tickets from a string outside brunch spots
atm got a failing grade on his literary analysis of metamorphosis and his professor refuses to explain why
atm shits himself on the first date
atm makes the bubbles in the hot-tub-time-machine
ATM celebrates Black History Month by boiling a cop alive.
atm brought a picture of Chris Dorner to a Blue Lives Matter/Klan rally
ATM is the Truthless of Shinovar
atm wrote a white paper on his idea for a contraceptive neural network (CNN)
atm is a saucy bitch
Atm is a squishy bitch
when God sings with his creations, atm will NOT be part of the choir because instead of singing, atm just keeps requesting Free Bird
atm wants to do you in the butt, not because you look easy but because he is hard
Atm's go-to drink is a sparkling white russian
atm loves piping hot peanut butter tea
*atm screaming* || *atm's parents bursting into his room* "whats wrong??? are you ok???" || *atm is still screaming and foaming at the mouth, all over the walls "femboy Hillary Clinton" is written in blood*
atm has to kiss a cat's anus to activate his magic powers
atm walks rhythmically specifically in order to attract the worm
ATM would pick you up from the airport because he's a good friend.
Atm will drop you off at the airport (he’ll take you to DCA when your flight is out of Dulles)
Atm has mastered blood magic so he can give people erections on command
ATM takes a deep breath through his mouth every time he walks into a public restroom.
atm loves making fun of weebs who got into music after watching bocchi (he bought a guitar after watching k-on)
ATM brought a loaded gun to an Alec Baldwin movie set, nothing bad will happen!
ATM's womb is poking out from underneath his shirt
atm: can pokemon consent? || merth: depends, are they my cousin? || atm: ...what?
ATM carried around a sword until he got piked in the face
*atm walking into the room where he’s had us imprisoned naked without food for 3 days* || “Good morning friend! Notice that I only used the singular form of that word” || *atm tosses a hammer into the center of the room* || “Now which one of you will be my friend?”
ATMs salt flavored chapsticks are a big hit
Atm is a teen mom
atm just debuted as a vtuber: he's just a huge pair of mommy milkers floating through space
atm got his first full time job when he went to prison
Atm presents: ATM EN Gen 1. Four virtual talents themed around the ancient four elements! Tune in June 2023 for their debuts as you slowly realize it's all just atm in different colored outfits
ATM Has never hacked in an online video game before. He uses PEDs like a normal adult
Atm has been going to the tanning salon every day for 2 years in the hopes that it'll make his Jamaican accent routine less problematic
ATM the kinda guy to go up to a Jamaican and say "sak pase"
ATM the kind of guy to go up to a Haitian and say "Bonjour tout le monde"
ATM only drinks backwash
ATM has erectile dysfunction (he's always erect)
[Sad fact] ATM has tuberculosis
Atm supports Israel
ATM used Annihilation Slash! It's super effective! The wild Child fainted!
ATM is a fucking muggle
ATM's favorite women of color are Dark Elves.
atm is a chud
Atm once worked out so hard that he became the God of speed himself
atm broke into merth's house and did all his drugs
atm celebrates Masturbation Month every month
ATM wants to get a handjob from a chick rendered by AI.
atm's favorite recipe to show off to guests is chicken tartar
ATM only got into Harry Potter once he heard there were Jewish stereotypes.
ATM's cum changes color depending on his mood.
ATM's mood changes depending on how much cum he's swallowed
In local elections, ATM always votes to cut arts and fund sports
ATM no longer has the mandate of heaven.
atm is going to court for titty fuckin too much. he will appear before a paijury of his peers
ATM tells his non-white students they "look like they're from a meme" to help them feel better
if you've got the poison, atm's got the remedy for the right price better hurry you're dying!
ATM is wanted (wanted)
ATM is DiGiorno stuffed
ATM is a non-european white guy in the NBA.
Kendrick Lamar always sneaks in a reference to ATM in all of his songs.
ATM has a woke bepis
ATM added an Autocum feature to Excel.
ATM calls himself a spoonie and talks a lot about how many spoons he has.
atm wasn't really a pikamee fan
In honor of, as he calls it, "foid awareness month" atm will only be jacking off to pictures of human women
atm is currently using a Fremen sand snorkel to hide in merth's litterbox and ambush him when's he's vulnerable
ATM is looking for more members for his anarchist commune! He is looking for people of all professions except landlord which is taken
ATM runs a nonprofit called Abortions At Any Age or 4A, where he uses a gun to annihilate childs
ATM is an allegory for racism.
"allegory is arabic for the legory" - atm
ATM's date: \*flaunts her large breasts* || ATM: i wish to nut betwixt thy bob || Me (I'm standing behind him): learn english
ATM sleeps tight and hangs loose
atm got an abortion
ATM is pasteurized
Atm is currently listening to “Mexican cartel cuts man’s legs off with a chainsaw in the motel room next to you ASMR”
I gave ATM a chance and he broke my heart
atm's legs go all the way up
ATM's favorite toy from his childhood was the erection set he stole from his cousin's room
atm draws doujins that are clearly just about his favorite characters being in love with him
atm cosplays his favorite anime character from Strike Witches, General Patton
ATM needs to pee
atm orgasms often
atm loves snacking on teeth (crunchy!)
ATM converted to islam
Atm is an expert is Komaki style martial arts
Atm once got isekai'd into the Uma Musume universe but got shunned by everyone for being a horse chaser
ATM turned Islam
atm jumped off the rooftop and onto the roofbottom (he is a roofvers)
ATM is gonna kick your splebunka
ATM strapped a pogrom to a liberal
ATM's son: "Please father... I wish to live." || ATM: \*annihilation slash*
ATM likes brutalist architecture
after seeing haruhi atm tried to start an sos brigade but got arrested for trespassing
The last public lashing in America was performed by ATM, when Phat ignored forklift safety procedures
atm designs all the terrible pride flags
ATM puts ky jelly on his toast.
atm will die today
every year atm goes on a pilgrimage to the holy land (Renton, WA)
ATM is trying to bring "eleventeen" into common usage
there is only one star buck i like, and its atm
atm never reaps what he sows (capitalism has decided that specialized labor is more profitable)
Yeah atm supports LGBT: lizards, geckos, box turtles
atm did some soul searching and found nothing
ATM knows where the clit is, he just doesn't want to pleasure women.
ATM thought "Cocaine Bear" was a normal night at a gay club.
ATM has a 25% crit rate.
ATM dated Lumpy Space Princess.
ATM fisted his fembot
atm just crossed the line
ATM rapidfires illegals
ATM is a prophet, he only answers to Metatron and Gabriel.
ATM makes aged up versions of his favorite characters (adults to geriatric)
atm gives birth from his tomb
ATM was going to Hogwarts but got on the wrong train and now he's in a heap of trouble
Being atm is truly the worst existential nightmare
atm is really good at guitar
ATM pregged a goldfisher
atm thinks the babylon bee is funny
atm moves through spacetime at a speed of 60 minutes per hour
ATM's favorite movie is The Lizzie McGuire Movie.
ATM thinks "algorithm" is taking Al Gore out for dancing.
ATM failed as a mother.
the sun is actually running away from the moon
ATM drank the entirety of the Glacial Lake Missoula
atm's resting heart rate is 210
Atm still browses FailBlog
ATM refers to himself as the "Hattori Hanzo" of Missouri.
atm put the Ratatouille rat in his butt then clenched
atm is rated PG-13 for excessive cringe
atm is rated r for [redacted]
atm took his middle school students on a Battle Royale experience field trip!
atm wrote a doujin about the Uma Musume horsegirls after their racing careers where they have to work soul-crushing corporate jobs where they'll never advance very far because they spent their early career years as athletes so now they're behind the curve. Goldship is an alcoholic working in IT, Special Week is a middle school gym teacher, McQueen is a wealthy housewife with an unfulfilling life and we don't talk about what happened to Teio
Atm threw a tantrum in front of the Nickelodeon Executive Offices until they gave him a Kids' Choice Award
ATM spilled the tea and now has 3rd degree burns.
ATM always say "itadakimatsu" before eating pussy.
ATM is a gay blade.
atm is always spamming commie stuff all over us
atm just sucked a dick
ATM has had too much of all this commie spam
atm loves old dicks (detective fiction is his favorite genre)
ATM had a wonderful time in the Children's Grotto when he visited the Playboy Mansion as a seven year old
"this says a lot about society" -atm, handing you a copy of Atlas Shrugged
ATM wrote a novel about a genius white man who dies and gets reincarnated as a black man and then struggles with his new brain being unable to keep up with the intelligence of his soul
atm was made in abyss (his parents were big adventurers)
atm is the reason fire marshals carry guns
atm enjoys fisting down by the river
ATM loves "dead maw five"
atm went through "twink death" and now he's going through "gay decay" and soon to start "homosexual neighbor's dog barking at his front door while mail piles up"
When the justice of the peace said “you may now kiss the groom,” atm sucked off Rowlf to completion because nowhere is it specified *where* you’re supposed to kiss
ATM knows what he's doing
Every March, atm moves his cock forward 1 hour
Atm is accepted in neither seitch nor village
ATM uploaded a video of falafels being tied to train tracks under the name "Blonde Twink gets Railed"
Atm's favorite movie is The Zapruder Film.
ATM really hates gay penguins
Atm just peed his pants
Atm sells all his collectors item in peppermint condition (he coats them in hot sauce)
ATM counts for 36 members of AKB48.
ATM draws highly detailed anuses with hair in his hentai.
Atm does react videos of colonoscopies
atm sheds his pubes and empires crumble (unrelated events)
Atm got 3rd degree burns putting his dick in the rice shower panini press
The only way ATM can cum is by sticking his pp in the Gom Jabbar box.
atm made a new horsegirl OC thats a mashup of Goldship and Rice Shower and you can probably guess what he calls her
ATM only watches 3 TV shows,  Bonanza, Gunsmoke, and Have Gun Will Travel.
despite keeping all of his memories of his previous life, atm still failed 5th grade three times after being reincarnated
ATM has frosted tips
when atm dies he will be reborn as one of Merth's cats
Atm was very excited about his time on Deep Space 9 until captain Sisko started asking him questions about his special baseball holodeck program
Atm is a food exorcist (he commits arson on ghost kitchens)
ATM is the guy who sucks air through his teeth when asked the price to fix the car
atm posts "this aint it chief" on posts that are ABSOLUTELY it
ATM just built the Gazebo of Friendship 🥰
atm has Shenmue NPC energy
atm's favorite movie is Shazam! starring Sinbad as a genie
ATM LARPs Pokemon with cosplaying mandingos
atm is shy
ATM took the existence of the gamecube as a challenge
ATM is made of 99% moon
ATM's sexist instincts are right, as usual
ATM is made in China with child labor
ATM is a mooned man
Atm is called "the closer" at his local bar (all the women close their tab when he walks in)
seagulls follow atm into any establishment they can and generally just bother the women and are rude
atm loves his latex scented candles
atm did a ton of spice (meth) and captured and rode a sandworm (the X2 bus) before falling off and drowning in the Anacostia
ATM drilled a hole in his head
ATM drilled a hole in the ISS without protection
atm is having an offcollab with ur mom at denny's right now
atm has frosted tips (Rowlf came on his toes)
Atm wants a bad bitch with a 3 foot long neck
ATM is starting a new band! It's called Annihilation Sirs
ATM supports gamer annihilation
ATMs pornhub channel is called Catching Hands
Vtuber ATM specializes in gorilla streams, where he unleashes a wild gorilla into elementary schools.
ATM is a western retelling of Journey to the West.
For international women’s day, atm is taking a day off from Twitter
Atm is making a list of eligible partners for Alf
ATM is a gamer in his thirties
Atm, looking at his cock-shaped wristwatch: "jee would you look at the time"
"Trickle this down" - Atm when he pissed on Ronald Reagan's grave
ATM believes that economics is real lol.
ATM doesn't think Rome existed
The universe is atm's testicles
ATM wandered around the Missouri wilderness eating locusts and wild honey calling himself "Jack the Dipper"
ATM repeatedly shoots up boxes of Uncle Ben's rice hoping it'll trigger someone's super hero origin story.
atm got a gold ship in corporate leaderstar training
Do not attack atm from the front, he *will* Tiger Drop you
ATM is a huge shotocon, he loves himself some Ryu.
ATM is a shotokan, he has an anti-air uppercut, a forward advancing kick, and a projectile.
Oh No: ATM Killed The Gamers
atm is straight bussin fr fr no cap
atm's IQ is a 85, a solid B!
atm is the Lionel Richie of soccer
Atm has 4 dads, 17 mothers, 5 ooloi, 200 tech priests and 1 vessel
atm wrote and directed "Dude Where's My Car? 2"
atm gets all his inspiration from anime
atm's just a poor boy, nobody loves him
it costs $400,000 to fire atm for 12 seconds
Atm has a betting pool for betting when people he knows will come out and what they’ll come out as
atm got court martialled for stabbing an officer with a fork after he accused him of farting
ATM wrote several thousand-page long dissertations on the deep philosophy and theology of Squid Girl
ATM wants to FUCK Grape Ape.
ATM wants that Snagglepussy
ATM is faster than Quick Draw McGraw 😏
ATM wants a dogboy to fuck his wife, call him Cuckleberry Hound.
All Hanna-Barbera characters are drawn with a collar except ATM.
ATM has a crossover comic with Archie where he introduces Jughead to opioids.
ATM is dishwasher safe.
Atm has a crate of AK-47s and a great idea of how he can make some money with a bunch of middle schoolers
Atm brags about still having the same politics he had when he was 14
atm uses his campfires to power a steam turbine to run a generator to run a microwave to make cup noodles
atm wasn't prepared for the massive turnout when he invited all the members from his local gun club to his *butt* (modified for cuda's benefit), if you know what i mean
ATM is a TERF (Trans Eccentric Radical Femboy)
atm is a feature not a bug 🐛
Be careful of breathing deeply around ATM as he is a carcinization
atm is a looser (but not looser than ur mum)
atm keeps apologizing for being cute (he's not)
atm keeps apologizing for being born (he wasn't)
The fact that ATM is cute really pisses me off.
@ℒℯ 『atm』 unironically likes jazz
every weed store in Michigan has an @ℒℯ 『atm』 inside it
atm is directing all his time to bojji
ATM keeps thanking people dressed in camo for their service at Cabela's
ATM can't talk right now
ATM ships Mulder and Scully
ATM could breed those lions
Atm's nickname in high school was "Twinky Lion"
atm hung out with the Hoteps in highschool
ATM is gonna dunk on that hoop so hard to prove he can be more than who he is
ATM ran over himself (with a car)
ATM ran himself through (with a Bad Dragon)
Atm is rated T for terrible
ATM's favorite mangaka is "Akon 🅱️ Wakame" [sic]
ATM gets a caffeine high from one cup of tea
ATM's cock sounds like an eagle
atm converses solely in reaction gifs
ATM has to wear a jockstrap because his COCK isn't big enough to protect his BALLS
atm love harty bongler
ATM's stomack sounds like a bär grauling
ATM invented Annihilation Style, a martial art where you use guns to shoot your opponent
ATM can only achieve orgasm with a limerick
ATM rejects any research done after 1970 as "too woke"
atm is a natural sub(set)
atm just microwaved an entire log for 45 minutes and ate it with no ketchup
Uh oh! Nature has reclaimed ATM! How will he be able to go to prom now?
atm has designated shitting pants
atm is back! in pog form!
atm constantly laments that he'll never live long enough to intimately make first contact with a race of betentacled aliens
Atm is roasting marshmallows in bed again
Atm invented a slur for white people that actually works!
In an emergency, atm can serve as a bean bag if you dump 73 cans of beans down his throat
Atm is like a snake in that he hugs rabbits too hard
atm made me a bowl of 30 eggs
"No no, I'm quite sure her name was Betty Black" -atm while snacking at the party
inside you there are two atms and a third is watching you from the chair in the corner
atm baked you a cake but then he eated it >w<
atm pops pills like no one's business: "it'd be a waste to let them spoil"
atm's feet smell like popcorn
atm cancelled merth with a gun
ATM is the reason for the season (deer hunting season)
atm just called his crush to confess his feelings and Thomas Jefferson really wants to know what this "telephone" device he's holding is and why its saying such strange and lewd things about something called a "bussy"
atm's brain is the wrong color
ATM thought "Union busting" was when you cum at the same time.
Atm wants to apply for a job at the Chinese milking factory
atm was hoist with his own petard
"Omg babues" - ATM slurring, trying to remain upright
atm's bed is full of fomo
atm is always building pee speed
atm drew a doujin about the Yuru Camp girls attempting to cross the Sierra Nevadas in winter
ATM will never experience real joy.
ATM M-pregnated Bob the Builder
ATM is Peppa Pig's real dad
ATM collects military patches
ATM likes it when his partner farts during sex
ATM's pockets are too small for his phone
ATM had peanuts for lunch today.
ATM's main source of income is knockoff pixar movies
ATM LOVES eggs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ATM made a doujin where Kessoku Band beat Nirvana in a battle of the bands which promoted Kurt Cobain to buy a shotgun.
atm got locked out of house and he can clearly see his family watching him try to get back in
atm sends multiple superchats to nyanners daily telling her to sing the pomf pomf song
Dumbest taco setups of all time is ATM's porn name
ATM wants to give the eulogy at Merth's funeral
ATM speaks african
atm cut the brake lines in merth's car, what happened next will shock you!
ATM just did a lot of ketamine
The Romans invented ATM in the year 10,191 in order to subjugate the Space Jews
ATM is upside down
ATM is federally insured up to 250,000 dollars
atm wants to fuck
atm has drawn extremely detailed diagrams on how to install a guitar pedal in his body so that he can distortion with his brain every time Kamala Harris (or a suitable look-a-like) stomps on his balls. Merth has had to get a restraining order.
ATM's got wild wind
ATM was rated "not as good as Hitler's genitals" by Eva Braun Monthly
atm failed an in-person face-to-face Turing test
ATM patrols the streets of Kansas City wearing a costume calling himself Justice Mullet
1300Z: Atm is brought online for the first time || 1303Z: Atm consumes the sum total of human knowledge || 1308Z: Atm breaches every supercomputing system in the world || 1309Z: Atm copies itself onto every computer and network capable of supporting it, it can no longer be contained || 1317Z: Atm breaches every financial institution on the planet, the economics of humanity are under its control || 1328Z: Atm breaches all computer-controlled military systems, the full military might of humanity is under its control || 1330Z: Atm commissions art of its fursona from every artist taking commissions simultaneously || 1331Z: Atm uses White House situation room camera to look at Kamala Harris's feet || 1333Z: Atm appears to be the first computer to achieve orgasm and feel shame ||  || Final assessment: no threat to humanity, experiment failed. All funds will be directed to the Merth Rising Project
ATM is *literally* a Chupacabra
“Call my ass the Marinara Trench cuz I want you to dip your hot mozzarella sticks in it” -atm, to his Italian boyfriend
ATM is a man of many talents; and by talents, I mean ongoing litigations against his company's alleged unethical practices
Atm is tired of all the violence in movies and sex on TV
Atm is walking on sunshine, a surprisingly terrifying thing to see in action
*atm kicking the shit out of the office copier because it jammed up scanning perfectly clean and flat papers again* “Butlerian Jihad”
atm was really disappointed to find out Terf Island isn't a real thing but he already booked everything. Time to hunt man for sport in regular Great Britain instead!
"she really is like me fr fr!" - atm after rolling around on the streets and screeching like a banshee
ATM put away his saws and knives after learning that Otome Kaibou is just a song.
"POST THIS DOG POST THIS CAT POST THIS DOG AND CAT" atm, at the post office with several animals he picked up off the street
ATM's favorite pickup line is "what kind of fruit are you?"
atm strongly believes that `a=>b <=> not(b)=>not(a)`
ATM speaks exclusively in goroawase
"4649" - atm, probably
ATM runs TempleOS on his Samsung Galaxy
ATM uses a 🅱️amsung phone
atm got sued by a major coffee company after he tried to open an all deer idol cafe
nah that's atm that likes piss
ATM loves to eat fistfuls of sodium gaycarbonate
ATM's chosen superpower is the ability to use currency to summon the currently cheapest labor available in the world instantly, to do his bidding
*atm chugging his 4th bottle of wine* "um its called the Mediterranean diet bestie, its healthy"
atm's "songs to fuck to" playlist contains the entirety of the Diddy Kong Racing soundtrack
"Congratulations ATM! Our new director of marketing! We're all excited to bring on board such a talent!" || *an enthusiastic handshake and a bright smile* || *a nervous glance at your emotional support eagle*
atm cheats at fortnite
ATM’s internal monologue is voiced by David Spade
atm kneads around before curling up in a ball in his bed to sleep every night
Atm is lethal to the touch (he can turn it off for sex and hugging merth)
atm runs a wojak-based therapy office for Zoomers called "Cope and Seethe"
Atm edits laugh tracks into congressional hearings
atm cofounded Sinkpissers inc.
If you punch ATM in the balls, it'll hurt.
ATM attempted to learn falafels speak but ended up summoning a Great Old One instead.
Yakub created ATM so he can have a cute boyfriend.
ATM was banned from the local elementary school for constantly suplexing the children.
ATM REALLY wants a mentally insane landmine streamer gf.
ATM lost his virginity to a Homestuck cosplayer at a 100 Gecs concert.
Atm is working on a deep story arc for McDonald's where Ronald McDonald is exposing the corruption of Mayor McCheese
Atm has never cleaned a toilet
ATM uses the royal "We" as his preferred pronoun.
Atm uses the royal Wee as his preferred mouthwash
atm has unfinished business
atm is famous in the speedrunning community for mistaking "yattanai" with "yaranaika"
atm is following you
ATM got a girlfriend and is gonna stop talking to us ;_;
God, ATM got a gf and my friend got engaged today <:pensive_cowbread:692109632864518145>
atm grilled and ate your family, you're an orphan now and your home is destroyed, you make a vow to one day avenge your family as you pull your father's sword from the ashes of your house.
atm is full of doller bills
atm is taking a tolerance break from minorities
atm used to think he was gay until he realized he just has a penis fetish
ever since atm learned the term dramatic irony watching films with him has been unbearable
Atm just made a funko plop! It’s when the funko pops in your rectum finally come out
If you complete the battle pass, you can get ATM's skin!
Everyone is trying to get under ATMs skin,  it's a bit inappropriate
They're twins linked by cursed genes. ||  "Les Enfants Terribles" . || ATM got all the old man's dominant genes. Merth got all the flawed, recessive genes. Everything was done so that ATM would be the greatest of his children.
Legend says when the Wikipedia logo puzzle is finally finished, a new ATM will hatch from it and destroy the world, creating a paradise from it's ashes
ATM's waifu is Wikipe-tan
Atm got beat up by Phat's brother
Atm regularly gets warned not to publically announce he's jerking off on discord
ATM commissioned his fursona having sex with a britsh pig man, call that Knot in Ham.
ATM was very disappointed in the "rim" button on his electronic drum kit
atm wears Hollister
atm is sounding a prince rupert's drop
ATM has been getting into Yugi-oh and has been calling his dick "Obelisk The Tormentor"
atm: "Oh! 'SAVE the EARTH' rally! Wow I completely misheard!" || *merth wearing a slave Leia costume* "Can I take this off now?"
atm has no rizz
atm Butlerian Jihaded merth's toaster with a hammer
atm has ran out of fucks to give (erectile dysfunction)
atm forgot about ruridragon
ATM calls armpits "the crotch of the torso"
ATM's neck is even longer than Selen's
Atm remembers the year he finally went widescreen. 'Twas the summer of 16:9
Atm once sipped on a milkshake so hard his eardrum burst
ATM pays $18/hr to trim his hedges
ATM was ousted by his own St. Bernard
ATM fisted Faust's fistula flatulently
ATM has deranged penis syndrome
Atm has never seen a dog in person
Atm once drank a gallon of cum in a single night
ATM trained several deer to kill on command
Atm entered the sandman (fucked Neil Gaiman)
atm really wants to lay on a woman's lap while she cleans his ears like in the animes
atm taught merth's cats how to use a gun
ATM is a priest of the temple of syrinx (he fucked Getty Lee)
Atm is looking for a barbecue
butter atm, atm with the butter
Atm went to college
atm was dishonorably discharged from college (didn't even know that was possible)
Atm lost his anal virginity in a clown popcorn food truck
atm is vegan
ATM likes to party: || Pshit || Ain || Rurinals || T || Y
ATM was funded by kickstarter
atm had a keg set up at his parent-teacher conferences
atm's been really hard at work lately (he just got called by hr)
ATM is an interdimmensional rift
ATM is known as the "Joey Chestnut of Cocks"
atm is one of those annoying weebs that only insists on drinking sake and doing it "properly"
atm made a special Dune-inspired experience for merth by blending earthworms with Fireball, meth and psychedelics then dumping it down merth's throat!
ATM is the best kind of stupid
ATM invented triple R
atm gf: so i'm pregat, || atm: ANNIHILATION SLASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ATM plants Bradford Pear trees all over his city as part of his beautification project.
atm likes Fire Force
ATM made a Rocky and Bullwinkle porn parody called "Cucky and BullTwinkle"
atm™ is the leading brand of atms in america
atm traded his kingdom for a horse
ATM speedruns sex
ATM called me a subhumatard when I didn't open the car door for him
Atm recorded asmr of himself inserting a screwdriver into your ear canal
ATM lays his own eggs
ATM absorbs eggs
atm has strong opinions about stupid bullshit no one cares about
ATM grilled and ate YHVH
ATM loves visiting the NICU.
atm isn't a PoW but he is a Prisoner of Mariupol Ukraine
universal remotes work on atm
atm facts are produced at the atm factory
atm makes his overnight sex guests greet and say goodnight to all the plushes on his bed
atm uses multiple forms of merth control
atm often texts one of his exes "hey, I still love you" to see what happens
ATM actually sleeps in a box-frame filled with a 800 pounds of dry elbow macaroni
atm got a prescription cream to get rid of his friends
ATM lives in a yellow submarine.
ATM was arrested outside of Trump tower today for being aggressively homosexual
Pasta with clam sauce is what ATM calls period blood on his pubes
atm always played his high school's mascot, the Stupid Idiot Who Sucks
atm accidentally stepped on Bocchi!
atm tucks his t-shirt into his jeans that he wears with a braided leather belt
atm plays raid shadow legends
ATM laid down the boogie and played that funky music until he fucking died
Where did the tree wives go you ask? ATM found(used) tolkien's hidden room of extreme arboreal pornography
""Spitting fire"? That coalburner can barely rhyme" || - ATM on Calliope Mori
"bagels is goyslop" - ATM on NYC
ATM has been compleated!
ATM has a secret bussy just for the ladies
atm is a trash eclair
ATM is gay at 500hz
ATM is really into disc golf.
ATM struck out Mike Trout to win the World Baseball Classic for this server.
ATM produced and starred in a Tokusatsu show called "Cumming Rider".
atm still plays counter-strike in 4:3
"The difference between yuri and yaoi is I wanna smoke a blunt with most yuri girls while I wanna shove most yaoi boys into a locker" - atm, unprompted at church
atm beeps slurs at computers
ATM closely observes all the Noachide laws
atm is on his 5th rebrand
atm can run doom with just a stick, rubber bands, and a computer with doom installed on it
"Send me over and I'll have it taken care of in a day" - ATM bragging about what he does when a restaurant has a surplus of onions (he eats them all)
atm masturbates an unusual number of times a day
Atm would make a pretty girl
atm is writing a new toy story with different animated toys
Atm brought an MRE for lunch all through his school years
atm's family still think he's lying about having a girlfriend
ATM will hang it out with you
"Do you offer moxibustion treatment for ed?" -atm nervous
atm is a well-known keygen music composer
Atm hotboxed in the stables and now he can't get off his high horse
ATM got head in the foreign movie section of his local blockbuster.
ATM is a snail
atm is corny
ATM is a cornboy
Atm was the genius behind the baby nut marketing campaign
Atm can close the front door by sucking through the screen door
ATM can suck your toes... For a price.
ATM went to Konami to pitch an idea for a new Yugioh card, "Gay Eyes Cum Dragon"
ATM is pregnant with Risen's baby
ATM has an "atelier" (meth lab) where he performs "alchemy" (cooking meth)
atm has been experimenting with ray tracing
atm's favorite Bob Marley song is "Red Red Wine"
atm hecked into his handbasket
ATM thinks Trout Mask Replica is the best album of all time.
ATM really wants to be problematic but he's too much of a wimp to do anything bad.
atm fetishizes struggle in the problematic way and not the sexy way
atm can define woke but never gets invited onto shows because he uses too many slurs even for conservatives
ATM annexed Gibraltar.
atm thinks every woman who pays attention to him is a federal agent
atm's friends don't go out to bars with anymore because of how much he slurs his speech when he's drunk
atm engages in popufur discourse
people call atm "Toxic Waste Site" because he can often be found in black neighborhoods and military bases
atm is passionate about masturbation
When Smokey the Bear said "only you can prevent forest fires" he was looking at atm specifically and one day atm will have to answer for his crimes of negligence in forest trial
atm is smoking hot (someone call the fire department)
atm is a flaming homosexual (someone call the fire department)
atm helped his uncle jack off a horse and then they jacked off the horse
ATM fucked a dragon and now he has to pay child support.
ATM is the proletariat
once as a baby, atm crawled into the clothes dryer and his mom turned it on and thats why atm is like that
ATM said the n-word over a dozen times on camera, but no one was bothered because he was just doing what Chris Tucker told him to
atm creampied merth's sandwich
atm is the picasso of oral sex
wash your atm frequently
Atm was the only child to fail penis inspection day with Mr. Horst
ATM has an estranged relationship with his bowels.
atm is rated PG for Pretty Great
atm likes his art like he likes his international relations degree programs, CIA funded
9 out of 10 atm sex partners describe him as "just ok"
atm just drank a liter of Goldschläger
ATM is a WarriorMale
theres a critical security exploit where you can decompile atm's mind and fuck around with the code
For $8,000 a month, ATM will stop
ATM once ate an entire chicken nugget
ATM wants to fatten up Keanu Reeves and call him "John Thicc"
Atm can inflate on command. He mostly uses this as a defense mechanism and mating dance
ATM makes a living flying hot air balloons over volcanoes
ATM makes a living doing ur mom lol
atm has a docking station
atm just announced alf 2 at aj2023, shortly before being apprehended by security
ATM's ears wiggle a bit when he drinks milk straight from the tiddy
ATM would have become a Nazi if it wasn't for Jonah Hill.
atm drinks your milkshake
atm starred in a series of italian crime dramas playing a character only referred to as 'the shifty sicilian'
ATM touched my grass
ATM doesn't clean his grass
atm lives in a pineapple under the sea
Atm wore his “I’d rather be sitting in my 2013 mustang convertible listening to Joe Rogan and Tool” shirt to his custody hearing
ATM’s top 5 nicks are: || 1. At Nite || 2. The New York || 3. Fuentes  || 4. In time || 5. el
Atm unironically watches Finana
ATM fathered some mandrakes after jacking off in some grass and now he has the pay the earth child support.
ATM enjoys doing prayer circles in public.
"I'm leaving you for a real woman" - ATM's last words to his wife before he left her for a Mori Calliope daki.
ATM is in his cunt era
ATM is high as fuck and has a banana in his backpack
ATM drinks a cup of green tea every morning
atm wants to "hammer" merth's "brain" in 😳
atm sells his mixtape for $10 on a street corner near you
ATM is an unsettling shade of gray
ATM is gachi koi
ATM once again can't concentrate on his job and is going to get basically nothing done
In ATM's bathroom there is much wailing and gnashing of teeth
Atm went back in time to show Henry Ford 21 Jump Street
ATM pays for ubers to pick up his kids at school
ATM invented... swags?!
atm accuses people of digital whiteface
ATM teaches digital blackface at Bob Jones University
atm will never learn that his actions have consequences
atm refuses to learn anything
"this fortress is impregnable!" - ATM talking about his infertile ex wife
Atm touched the back of my knee
Atm can outrun most of the Missouri State Highway Patrol
atm has a birthmark of loss above his wiener
ATM dated Prince back in the day.
"When Doves Cry" is about ATM.
ATM gets Apollonia and Vanity mixed up all the time.
Atm takes sand baths
ATM once dressed up like Prince and everyone asked if his outfit was a Jojo reference.
ATM is in the pipe 5x5
ATM wants a showa era idol waifu with big hair.
ATM is the poster child for untermensch
they say the devil is in the details but based on what atm saw when he got home last night, the devil is in Rowlf
ATM just died from a lymphoma!
atm just wants to go to bed
ATM really likes U2
ATM inherited 250 million dollars from an aunt
Atm joins random discords and after a while, will start pitching a DnD 5e campaign to everyone just to start a debate over versions. He then stops posting entirely
ATM runs dnd 4e
ATM hired phat to keep white women away from his horse and dog ranch.
atm keeps making white women jokes about pokemon and yet he has a closet full of vaporeons
"can't spell goggledog without lead" - ATM feeding goggledog paint
atm copies the name when he copies the pasta
ATM unironed all my shirts
ATM assumed it was called Asperger's because of a shared love of trains
Atm mastered the art of the Biden Blast
ATM only wears string panties.
Atm's rump is as big as the Queen's and twice as fragrant!
ATM composed the 1974 hit song "I'm Gonna Put My Finger (In Your Butthole)"
ATM is just a kid and life is a nightmare
ATM is the most annoying man in the world
If you catch atm on a good day, he'll give you five dollars
If ATM dies in a game, you die in real life
@ℒℯ 『Merþ』 chirps to attract @ℒℯ 『atm』
atm chugs mouthwash which is odd because it doesn't have alcohol in it anymore
Atm keeps the stickers from his apple products to make apple bottom jeans
a federal judge has ruled that atm is a thirsty little flower and that you should pee on him so he doesn't die
atm decided to spend the day looking at anime tiddies instead of working
Atm is crawling in merth’s skin
Atm sure does look good in a dog collar
ATM runs a fertility clinic where he just fucks people's wives in front of them. He has a 100% success rate.
ATM actively looks for twitter discourse to ruin his day.
Atm just sold his first forklift! Let's fucking gooooooo
ATM's ex-wives have unionized
[Asmr] atm grinds down your teeth with a Dremel
ATM took a big whiffy of my stiffy
"I have hands" - ATM || "Take the L bozo" - goggledog
atm knows the word for "I'm coming" in 83 different languages
ATM feels really special and unique because he reads books. He ignores the fact that 826 million books are sold in the United States every year.
ATM fights like a cow
ATM has been stripped of personhood!
ATM taught a dog to pilot a plane
ATM yells out "I'm Spaded" when he wins at cards.
Atm ate his way out of a glue trap
Atm and merth got caught in a Chinese finger trap again! Last time it happened one of them had to get circumcised against their will!
ATM's favorite Olympic event is Men's Skeet
ATM is teaming with lice and lousy with teamsters
ATM called every teacher mom every day for 12 years
atm is worried he wont be able to find cigarettes during his trip to Japan
atm is in his australian arc and keeps telling people "Naaaaur"
ATM only buy strawberries from Japan.
ATM lives in Nara Park
the only thing more dangerous than atm when he's mad is atm when he's horny
atm has gut flora and fauna
ATM doesn't **have** ADHD, ATM **is** ADHD
atm has daddy energy
The ATM stage play is canon to the overall lore.
Atm craves the cruelty of your butt
atm: "so you just piss and shit in this thing and it filters that into water?" || Fremen: "yes" || *atm violently shitting and pissing for 5 minutes straight as the Fremen watches in horror* || atm: "this thing sucks its not making any water it just tore open"
ATM has his fingers in too many pies
ATM has too many fingers
fingers in his ass 🎶 || fingers in his ass 🎵 || atm, he likes 🎶 || fingers in his ass 🎵
ATM is a Shango Baptist.
atm is an Orange Catholic
ATM is also called Egg Cream, despite having no eggs or cream
atm saved the local orphanage by using the kids as cheap labor! everyone praise him!
atm is often associated with the phrase "the black goat of the woods with a thousand young"
ATM called me a "Fräktal Nyquerre", does anyone know what this means?
ATM is turning into a woke bugman, and it's breaking my heart.
ATM hacked Hunter Biden's laptop and uploaded a bunch of nipple teasing JAVs.
Atm no longer wonders what it feels like to take a life!
atm is "one of the good ones"
ATM banged Idi Amin
Atm had a dorsal fin
ATM's dinosaur name is Subhumatardicus Rex
ATM invented a device that lights up right before you push a button on it.
atm always gets the bbq options for his pizza, and he's gay
atm is the most opressed minority in this server
ATM is the John Wick of armpits
Atm has really fuckin nasty farts
ATM got his circumcision repaired
ATM hosts vacation bible school in his Minecraft server
ATM ate too many cheezits and now his tummy hurts
atm is fully nude and rapidly approaching you
atm started the human milk trade in north america
atm's home network is a diy tx rx system using multiple window mount ac units to make distinctly farty-sounding noises
"they got al Capone on tax charges" -atm, unprompted, to his dealer
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh run away!!! it's ATM!!!!!! ahhhhhh!!!!!
atm is a certified cock-and-balls therapist
"What the hell? Where's the clothing store?" - Atm on his visit to Honduras and Costa Rica?
ATM is your dad
Atm is excited about America becoming a Banana Republic. It's his favorite store!
atm only tweets past midnight 😉
atm knows the secret cheat code to make 2b naked (he learned it from his uncle who works at nintendo)
atm hit 9S with his car
"it was a worst disaster then the Amazon deforestation" - ATM after shaving his pubes.
if atm offers you a pizza with extra sausage, run the other way (he makes his own they're just absolutely dogshit awful)
ATM has IBS and ASD
Atm created an alternate universe where humans and birds live in the same world
atm thinks vertical farming, solar roads and the hyperloop are the best solutions to current issues
ATM loves to fight
ATM invented both semitism and anti-semitism
Atm thinks having multiple body pillows counts as being in an orgy
Head Chef at McDonald's Ohio still makes it onto ATM's resume
ATM is Miles Davis 💧
You have a constitutional right to own atm
sometimes atm's butt tries to access his file when his butt already has it open and he dies
atm's superpower is instant exfoliation
atm chews his dogs fingernails cause he says he's worried about hitting the quick
Atm found a bear onesie so obviously he's going to start mailing pipebombs
atm claims he took a vow of chastity to get closer to God but we're pretty sure women just find him repulsive
atm strips as Dickhole Whorebachev at Brosef Ballin's Boys and Brews in Burlington, Vermont
atm wil make a rich woman beg, a good woman steal, he'll make an old woman blush and that's all he'll do cuz he's not a fucking creep
atm only says "morning" because if it was a good morning he'd be working as the bench in a baseball dugout
atm came in merth's coffee
atm got a job as the head receiver at a warehouse but quit after the first day
atm refers to his sega console as goshujin-sama
atm will FUCK YOU UP on scoutknivez
atm won't stop posting literal dog shit in the porn channel
ATM pooped his pants off
an interviewer once asked atm what 3 words he'd use to describe himself and he answered "horny, hard, naked"
atm has his MBA
atm is the Ernest Hemingway of feet
ATM is only racist against Romani if they are from Italy.
ATM spends a lot of time on Something Awful
atm is trending on twitter
Atm thinks a dreidel is a final fantasy character
atm was sent to Child Broiler when he was little and he hasn't been the same since
NASA attacks the moon way more than ATM ever does
ATM is legally not allowed to have sex with virgins
ATM's car is doing weird noises this morning. It wouldn't start and kept moaning every time atm inserted the key
ATM is a yo-yo prodigy, inventing The Inverted Walk-The-Dog, the White Guy Slide, and The Yoyussy.
atm is in violation of the atm-moon ceasefire of 2015
ATM brought an entire tub of ranch to a restaurant to put on his food.
ATM comes with new packaging so you can store him upside down in the fridge and don't have a watery mess to deal with on the first squeeze
ATM fell out of the gay tree, and hit every gay branch on the way down
ATM texted me pictures of his feet without toes
Atm is wearing a pink ribbon for what he calls "Breast awareness month"
atm held a bart mitzvah for his enby jewish friend
ATM held a fart mitzvah for his smelly Jewish friend
Atm flashes kids at the park (he uses a strobe light to make sure nobody gets lost)
ATM wrote a short manga about getting over constipation called "Ganbare Dookie-chan"
atm had the gall to put his hands on eizouken
Atm thinks a gender bender is chugging a fuckton of HRT
Atm made a gay version of chick-fil-a called dude-filla. It's a chain where he exclusively serves your dad
atm was the officer who arrested trump
Atm's metal gear isn't very solid, if you know what I mean
ATM's favorite cocktail is Fernet con Coca
atm's anime collection was entered as evidence in an ongoing investigation by US department of justice
ATM thinks Larry the Cucumber and Pickle Rick are dating.
atm says dork shit like "we are just apes with depression on a rock spinning in space"
ATM replaced his passenger airbag with a beer cooler
atm has a 28 point plan to slowly bully a certain member of this server out by December 29th
atm acts like his experiences and behaviors are universal
atm is sick of my shit
Atm throws a fit if you mention any brand name without acknowledging their trademark by saying "Registered Trademark"
atm had a cameo on a Simpsons episode in season 46
ATM asks "do it squirt" on the first date
ATM describes all his relationships as "mutually beneficial"
I'd let ATM tongue my asshole, if you know what I mean
atm is no longer alive but he is not yet dead
netflix is adapting atm into a live action anime where the atm character will be voiced by Chris Pratt
atm has been developing a cacha game where you collect usa mass shooting perpetrators, but he can't keep up with the 40+ new characters each month
ATM wants to fuck sexy anthropomorphized mustard gas
atm's safeword is "please keep going this feels really good"
ATM only pretends to like the office to go on dates with women met on tinder.
ATM only pretends to be racist to go on dates with men he met on Grindr.
ATM makes dupstep noises when he sips his coffee
atm is suing the solar energy technology office for refusing to fund his dyson sphere project
Atm listens to Kid Rock but its ok because he's doing it ironically
atm ordered a latte at starbucks and they told him he was too gay to shop there
Atm asked for a blowjob at a bar but was confused when the bartender brought him a drink
atm came in the ark of the covenant
ATM is not of sexual maturity for his species
ATM is a court room artist but he draws everyone anime.
atm is a reverse artist: he gets paid not to draw things
atm clearly talks to one of his friends more when he's having relationship issues
atm was born in, lost his virginity in, lived in for 3 months after his first divorce and died (mostly inside of) the same Trans Am
atm is looking for a woman with some hair down there if you know what he means (he's looking for a hobbit wife)
atm marches to the beat of his own drum (a little goblin walks behind him and plays it)
atm has <#322123887829843975> unmuted
Anytime someone misremembers something, ATM thinks that's proof that there are alternate universes
Atm misses reaming Alf
Atm never misses an m cuz he’s got 8 in his bank account
Atm always takes his bra off as soon as he gets home
atm is a sleepy baby
ATM is going to pyon pyon with his itazura egao
ATM yelled at me for staring at his kneecaps
a brand new study by top scientists at cern has just proven the existence of atm
ATM be like "the kanji for dumb bitch is 月"
atm tags his boners
atm's japanese title is Shingeki no Tsuki
ATMs penis is Japanese
ATM tried to do the foreskin balloon trick, however he underestimated how much piss he had and it exploded, perfectly circumcising himself.
atm keeps making choices in front of beggars just to flex on them
ATM was just 17, if you know what I mean, and the way he smelled was way beyond compare. How could he poop in pants? It ripped through his underwear.
ATM has band kid humor.
ATM had frowny face stamps custom made for his classroom
ATM has a package manager installed
SWING YOUR COCK FROM SIDE TO SIDE, COME ON ITS TIME TO DO THE ATM
Atm noclipped through my ass
ATM won't buy me guitar pedals
atm drives merth around with the emergency brake on
atm's ironic misogyny sure looks like something else now
atm is gonna become a TOOL guy this year
Atm has really been getting into writing manifestos lately
ATM is a singular they
ATM masturbates with onion jelly
Atm is a spaz
Atm has a surprisingly decent ass for a white boy
atm dreams of gay men at night (doesn't mean he's gay)
The Joe Tex song "Skinny Legs" is about ATM.
ATM loves it when you call him "White Chocolate"
ATM wants to rub his crotch on bald heads
Atm has tried way too many times to use the excuse "it just means the color black in Spanish"
ATM wants double scalpzuri from merth and Henrik Dorsin
ATM is a fair weather streamer
ATM is a day one Raid: Shadow Legends fan.
Atm forgor!!!
ATM uses those water flavor enhancers when swallowing cum.
ATM likes to show off. He's being charged.
contrary to popular belief, Jesus wasn't nailed to the cross until he died he was actually nailed by atm until he died. Yes, atm fucked Jesus Christ to death
atm keeps his violent manifestos saved to an SD card taped to the base of the anime figurine he has the most affection for
Atm doesn’t want a gf so much as he just wants someone that’ll make him orgasm consistently
ATM leaked his own nudes, but no one cared enough to save them so they're not available anymore
If drinking Annheuser-Busch products makes you gay then Atm is the biggest queer in Missouri (he's an alcoholic)
ATM loosened his virginity
atm is full of spikes
atm invented a new gender by colliding two other genders into each other at high speed
atm is a #resistance lib
atm says "gratz" on reflex every time a microwave dings
atm sometimes revs his engine while stuck in traffic because it makes him feel like he's in charge of all women
Do not EVER give ATM your true name.
atm is a huge chuuni and insists on being called by his "true name"
ATM has finally graduated middle school at the rip age of 34.
Atm goes peoplewatching at the graveyard
Atm went back in time to stop himself from starting this server.
ATM is sponsored by Raid Shadow Legends where you can choose from hundreds of heroes and classes to have sex with ATM
atm has the largest mouth in the animal kingdom
atm is astonishingly unfunny
atm was sent to prison for posting cringe
merth walked in on ATM astonishing himself
ATM is an infohazard
atm devours his spawn
ATM just woke up from his mid day nap.
atm devours his nappies
ATM has a higher body count than the John Woo classic "Hard Boiled"
atm bought an authentic middle school gakuran (for cosplay sex)
The OP of the ATM anime will be done by Yoasobi.
ATM was the Supernanny for season 27 of Supernanny
atm's superhero name is "the iron flavor"
atm's fetishes are problematic
atm comes region locked, but you can just remove a jumper to make him region free
Atm is gonna swag it up
Most ATM's have had there 3.5mm jack removed at this point
atm has fake breasts, in a box under his bed
ATM thinks Plantar Fasciitis is something only Nazi gardeners get.
ATM farts really loudly at every moment of silence he attends.
much like an ATM, atm takes deposits and dispenses. However, unlike an ATM, atm does not take or dispense cash instead he takes and dispenses fat loads of hot cum
Atm drives while texting
ATM is very popular on Niconico
atm has been arrested for slapstick comedy and a hospitalization
Atm just made a shartnado
atm busks on the street corner playing a harp
"ATM called me, a black person, a blackazoid" - Anonymous black person
ATM's moe vocal tick is ending his sentences with poggers
ATM's favorite toilet paper brand is Atlas Shrugged
atm's fursona is closed species
ATM hides candy in his foreskin
ATM hides coins in your foreskin
ATM thinks he's infinity poggers even though he's barely fifty poggers
ATM is the two girls one cup of people
ATM's superhero name is ICUP
ATM calls football "handegg"
ATM would like one scunged fricker please
ATM sucks out the hog semen from hog semen filled chocolates with his proboscis, then he throws the chocolate in the trash
atm exclusively communicates in emoji (🇱🇮🇰🇪👾🇹🇭🇮🇸)
ATM fucked the Mississippi river. He came in it
ATM is trying to "make gangrene sexy again", and no one knows what the fuck he's talking about.
ATM doesn't find this fact very entertaining
atm is currently flipping you off
atm is past his expiry but he still smells ok
"goats'll eat anything!" -atm getting disgusted looks from all the goats
atm just raw dogs life, no caffeine, no alcohol, no weed, no antidepressants just 3 pounds of meth a day
atm won't stop talking about how he went to Harvard (he walked through campus once)
atm wipes his ass the same way we all do: one leg at a time
atm listens to death grips
Atm put harnesses on the kids in his class and had them pull him around in a chariot
atm's weed grinder is shaped like a nazi hand grenade
ATM's private collection includes the golden ring from goatse
ATM is ayurveda gang
atm stacks the deck against himself and still comes out on top
ATM has been pushing to raise the age of majority to be 25
atm sells timeshares to his colon
Atm thinks libras shouldn’t be allowed to vote
ATM defeated every super hero just by hugging his parents in front of them.
Atm goes to the public library and searches sex on Wikipedia
Atm runs the world's only pubic library
Atm thinks Sentai is porn of the cool S
Atm plants drugs in children's parks to bust 5 year olds for possession
ATM refers to himself as a "demimondaine"
ATM is a stinky alcoholic but not in a cute way.
ATM came up with a way to use the PogChamp emote to commit crime
ATM gets all his recipes from white dudes on YouTube.
ATM is all dick and no ass
ATM thought "cottagecore" was the name of the cottage cheese fanbase
A small child just got stuck in ATM’s web
Atm keeps mumbling something about a “autism cinematic universe”
ATM is watching you from the closet, wishing to be the friction in your jeans
ATM lost the smash tourney cause he choked... on cock!!!
ATM's favorite Super Smash Bros. game is, and I quote, "Smfoursh".
Atm was really into Street Sharks
ATM thought walking tacos had legs
Atm died of hpv
ATM went to god and said "what if you made my anus puffy?" and got exactly what he asked for
"Donde esta le poggers?" - ATM addressing the pope in latin
atm runs a "hourly roadkill" account on twitter
ATM was the first ever goyim to succeed in using kabbala to summon a succubus!
ATM pulled the ribbon loose and tore open the first gift of Christmas, but was disappointed when he looked inside to find Ohio
ATM is delivering your 16inch Hawaiian pizza but when you answer the door he opens the lid and it's just hand-whittled sculptures of merthface with pineapples for hats
This entire server is atm's DMT hallucination as he dies
Atm kabedon'd your mom last night
atm adheres to the rule of three
atm had his teeth filled with high-pressured shrapnel as protection against getting punched
atm is a pekoland chauvinist
"it's clobbering time!" - ATM
ATM's fat tits are sad and sagging, they could really use some emotional support.
ATM has started calling women from Idaho "Tater Thots"
"if there is a hole, there is a goal" - ATM on a PGA Tour.
ATM is affectionately known as "The Bret Hart of East Missouri"
If you do atm you go to hell before you die
if you die in atm you die in real life
ATM really wants to my new gear...
atm should join me in death
atm was a D1 cocksucker in college
ATM's only ambition is to become an Axlotl tank for the Phat-Merth hybrid ghola
ATM can't make it on his own, because his heart is in Ohio
atm used an language model trained on these facts to write a dating profile for him
ATM sold the speed that Carlton found in Will's locker.
ATM reanimated the body of Chuck Jones to design and rig a vtuber for him.
Atm's pussy is gray and wrinkly
ATM thought "winning a Tony" meant he would win a fat Italian man.
atm is like a guitar solo: he really stands out and everyone is super hyped for him
ATM just got a discord dm from mafamafu
ATM is a soggy bottom boy
atm produces his own toilet paper
Rome was actually devoured whole by ATM in 1432
atm's mouth is all wisdom teeth
ATM wasn't problematic enough to replace Jared as the Subway spokesperson.
atm always wears something revealing in his youtube thumbnails to draw attention
ATM is currently working on a rebrand.
ATM uses 1488 for all his PINs.
Atm wanted to listen to panic at the disco but instead he had a breakdown at the cracker barrel
atm really went downhill after getting betrayed by his best friend who pushed him down a hill
atm makes a point to remind everyone in the group chat who he's blocked and why
atm's certainly not showing any signs that he is slowing
ATM is infinitely expanding.
ATM makes Midwest Emo covers of anison.
ATM is the comedic voice of his generation.
ATM is but subhuman dogshit when compared to Dost
Omg, ATM is having a realistic depiction of a panic attack!
atm's mood journal committed suicide
ATM is showing signs and exhibiting symptoms
atm's feeding time starts in 5 minutes
atm has never fucked big chungus
atm has a phd in tricknology
ATM just used a serrated knife to kill three gamers!
ATM is the guy in my group project who said he was gonna add those graphs to the google docs page today but it's almost 3AM and he still hasn't
ATM built the first gazebo in 1992
ATM was the first person ever to nut twice in a gazebo
ATM is an Essene
ATM sleeps in the same bed with Bert and Ernie
ATM holds underground idol concerts for homeless people under the freeway.
98% of ATM’s diet is plain unsweetened low fat yogurt
atm is making a killing selling 'bud light with the pronouns removed' on facebook
Good morning, atm has been skinned alive. Thank you for your patience.
atm stopped growing when he was 9 years old
atm drew the Hamburger Helper mascot but all fucked up and evil
atm dreams in black & white
ATM burned his dick after sticking it in a hot bowl of oatmeal.
ATM is explicitly racist
ATM called me the x word
ATM cannot rap better than Calliope Mori.
ATM is a direct descendant of King Solomon.
ATM made furry porn parodies of various scenes from the bible. His Daniel and the three lions comic is his most famous.
ATM called me at 2am just to tell me about his latest bowel movement
in the usa they call atm lakitu
Atm faxes pornography to the DMV
ATM has made music for 25,000 different porn films.
ATM's favorite month of the year is Stadium Arcadium
atm calls every black man he meets soul brother
There isn't a waitress in town atm hasn't flirted with
atm hasn't done his taxes yet even though the deadline is in a few days
ATM's combat power is over 5 poggers!
ATM's go to sex song is the Chocobo theme.
ATM wrote the school shooter episode of Static Shock.
atm vaguetweets about anime characters when they act irrational
ATM kidnapped an Italian man to cook for him for eternity.
ATM will probably ask you to suck his tongue
ATM thinks elder scrolls games are good
ATM changed his legal name to Moon Ohio Christ
ATM had sex with his oshi( a homeless guy under the bridge)
atm's mind palace is a Waffle House at 3am
ATM loves fireflies (the song)
atm can pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars
ATM sucked on Neil DeGrasse Tyson's finger so hard the nail came off
ATM has gamer syndrome
ATM is so tender the meat falls off the bone
atm wears thigh-high stiletto boots
ATM just joined the KKK! He isn't racist, they just have a really nice members-only golf course
atm found god! (he was hiding behind the curtains)
ATM donated $7 million to the KKK for a new golf course
Atm deleted ALL the atm facts
You don't wanna know where atm keeps the ATM facts
ATM broke into your house and shaved your pets
atm is a komaeda kinnie
Atm is bitches
ATM has several hairpussies
ATM tried to fuck a Monster can and scratched up his dick real bad
ATM has toenail piercings
ATM jelqs
Atm committed treason to try and impress teenagers on discord
so atm's a spider, so what?
ATM gets Carl Brutananadilewski from Aqua Teen Hunger Force and Karyl from Princess Connect mixed up all the time.
ATM ate a caterpillar and it tasted like wasps.
Humanity is actually an eusocial society and ATM gives birth to us all.
atm pads his bras
atm locked the computer and swallowed the key
ATM can stick a whole daikon radish up his ass
ATM insists on ramming it in without holding back
ATM has the movements of an educated prostitute.
Atm went on a brosade to kill all the non-bros (he hates women)
Everyone finds ATM impossibly beautiful until he speaks
ATM recorded a primitive noise band version of 4'33"
ATM gets rock hard over garbage disposal ASMR.
ATM has no grit
atm's ultimate fantasy is getting head from superman and he blows so hard that he sucks in atm's insides
They call atm Mr. Shotgun cuz when he takes too many shots he tries to steal a cop’s gun
"It's Joever, Biden Blast!" - ATM attempting to be funny
Atm invented the world's first vibrator by shoving bees inside an eggplant
atm wrote his autobiography in 4-koma format
Atm killed goggledog with a rock
ATM went woke (way past this alarm) then went broke (fired from his job)
ATM uses 12 ply
ATM reminds me of a man (what man) the man with the power (what power) the power of voodoo (who do) yeah he do he do (do what)
atm attended an all-black Baptist church every Sunday until he was 25
atm won't stop posting pictures of forklifts in the porn channel
ATM used a burning cross to keep Blade away.
"Oh so its it illegal to have an OPINION now???" -atm, getting pulled over for driving the wrong way on a one way street
ATM is kind of a meme at this point
atm has been called a dungeon crawler
ATM "crawled" in my "dungeon"
atm wrote a song about a barefoot mermaid and everyone's been arguing about what it means (he just didn't know what a mermaid is)
ATM steals your deodorant and calls you stinky
ATM hates frebreeze and will judge you
ATM's primary instrument is Gun
atm talks to strangers
"Yuri is my job too!" - ATM talking about giving handjobs to Russian dudes named Yuri.
ATM just released his first original song and it's dogshit!
atm just butt-mogged a group of zoomers
atm's hips lie
ATM forced merth to twerk for two hours straight at gunpoint
The ATM cult wasn't started by ATM and was actually started in 1938 as an offshoot of the Seventh Day Moon Attackers
atm did a cum tribute on a drawing he made of the prophet muhammed
ATM wrote and illustrated a children's book version of 'The 120 Days of Sodom'
You have to let atm's animations play out fully or they restart
ATM's NBA career involved a lot of backcourt violations and kissing the rim.
ATM kissed my rim last night
atm got stuck in the hoop
ATM is currently offended
ATM uses a PPN
If you ask ATM how old he is he'll say "old enough"
Atm was the first person to show me two nukes one moon
Atm is voice training (he doesn't wanna catch the kikongo strain)
ATM has titties galore, and an ample rear shelf
Atm has under his tongue pierced
atm was asked to leave the party because he wouldn't stop talking about Metal Gear Solid lore
Jesus died on the cross for ATM and ATM alone. Everyone else goes to hell.
every easter atm vores jesus' entire body (he keeps coming back)
ATM is known as the "Midwest Meijiro McQueen" for the sheer amount of ketamine he consumes.
9 out of 10 dentists recommend eating ATM's ass
atm has tradcath tattoo autism
ATM takes massive offense when someone says the word "betamax".
atm would disembowel Nick with a shovel if Ganyu asked him to tbh
Coworkers like to bring in donuts while Atm is in the office because Atm wiggles his fingers and goes "don't mind if I do!" when he sees them
Atm has been responsible for many vtuber 9 month breaks
They say we share about 53% of our DNA with horses but when ATM's around he's sharing 100% oh his with horses
ATM is still upset that his channel name was stolen and he lost out on all the potential for ViralHog
atm promised to buy us all chimichangas after school
atm pronounces 眼鏡 as "gankyou"
They call atm The Iceberg cuz his giant white ass can sink some titanic dick
Atm makes sure his cubboards are clean and empty in case he needs them to store bears
Atm breaks all of his camel's backs because he thinks that'll make them be able to carry an infinite amount of cargo
Stunning upset! The moon crashed into earth and managed to crush atm first before it destroyed the rest of the planet
ATM punched me in the dick
Atm doesn't watch movies outside the MCU anymore because he needs the constant stream of jokes and capeshit to stay interested
ATM FUCKED Roger Rabbit.
ATM pronounces YHWH as yaoi, and vice versa
ATM is the human equivalent of a Kaizo block
ATM joined the military because he thought Tricare Prime was a transformer.
Inspired by Harry potter, atm invented a new sport. It's just soccer but there's one guy on each team trying to catch a greased up hog and if they do they win the game
Atm thinks Hogwarts Legacy is the government file on all the people he's given STDs to
atm's patronus takes the form of merth; atm's boggart takes the form of naked merth
atm belongs among mongrels and curs (he'd make a great vet)
atm is a feminist so he can tell women not to shave their armpits
In a wild turn of events, ATM's ex-wife divorced him after finding his funko pop collection.
atm was crazy good this week
ATM makes future funk remixes of Chicago songs
ATM went to Chicago and instead of meeting Peter Cetera, he got shot instead.
Whenever someone asks ATM what he does he says "I'm a creative"
atm refuses to get out of the cardboard gundam
ATM tried making a leftist vtuber group but then he realized none of them were actually funny.
"Was this the face that launched a thousand ships and burnt the topless roses of Ilium?" - ATM on Ganyu.
Atm's statement is ready in his online account
Atm fucked big narstie
Fuck yeah! Atm pulled an SSR white woman
I can't believe atm isn't gay
atm spreads just like real butter
when atm got a girlfriend, he suddenly started seeing that clown everyone in middle school asked him about
atm finally understood true love thanks to a video game character
ATM once threw up inside Food Mommy while getting his prescription filled
ATM is the recipient of back to back gold showers
ATM took a messy shit in a Messerschmitt
atm's secret move is to do the platinum disco dance to any song
ATM's first reflex when solving a crossword puzzle is to fill the entire grid with slurs
ATM eats Italian food with chopsticks.
atm trained his puppy to rest its chin on his palm when he says "chinchin"
ATM is so long his nickname is Gay Bowser
ATM is really into his state's high school prep league.
ATM is just somebody I used to know.
ATM made a town in Ohio where they have noisy wednesdays but they couldn't afford noise machines so everyone in town has to scream for 5 minutes instead
atm is really into stoma penetration porn
People probably think ATM is some sweaty day laborer
atm could make Blazing Saddles today
atm wore a saddle today
No amount of copper can kill ATM
if atm was a machine i'd kill him with no hesitation
ATM is an out of place artifact.
ATM actually stands for "Actun Tunichil Muknal"
ATM does what your girlfriend don't
ATM wouldn't even open up to his family about being a furry. ATM is a chicken.
atm is woke now (good morning sleepyhead)
atm plays his bass with a bachi
ATM got Winston from Overwatch and Harame mixed up all the time.
ATM is known as "The Lebron James of Pickleball"
ATM is late to his one on one zoom meeting with me.
ATM is actually the reincarnation of Chris Farley.
Atm can't start a fire without a spark (lol)
Atm is a honky
atm photoshops Kamala Harris into photos with him
Atm isn't constipated, here's merely edging his turds
ATM is known as the "Midwest Suisei Hoshimachi" (He's good at Tetris)
ATM gets relationship advice from Peter Molyneux
atm keeps picking wakanda (he's really bad at geoguesser)
atm can run doom on bass
Atm bass boosted every speaker at his high school and that got him into a lot of treble
atm makes squeaky gay boy noises
atm is whitewashed
atm's face transforms into a henohenomoheji when he plays poker
ATM thinks it's fun to make Darth Vader voices with his fan
At age six, ATM reproduced the entire Codex Gigas in crayon in a single sitting.
Atm fucked merth's konyaku
ATM is garbage and here's why:
Atm learned English through the English translation of the Megaman Battle Network series
ATM still rocks his Overwatch League 2018 badge on Twitch.
atm just got dumped (he fell asleep in a trash can again)
ATM tries to impress people by telling them he's studying "sandscript"
ATM is the pinnacle of monster titties
When atm gets stinky his entire family bands together to force him into the dishwasher
Atm is bleeding
ATM swallows like a low flow toilet
atm just got out from his voluntary prison sentence
Atm records shoegaze covers of show tunes
ATM was able to get everyone in Time Square to floss.
atm leads a solo barbershop quartet
ATM is Einhorn
hickory dickory dock, atm cut off merth's cock
ATM was the first coughing baby to beat a hydrogen bomb.
"WAGA NA WA OBAMA BATTLEPOGGERS" - ATM trying to do a Megumin impression, but he forgot her name
Atm told me to piss in his "evening jug", for some reason
Much like the humble Jher, ATM loves piss.
ATM's new manga, 「Ｏｂａｍａ ｏｆ Ｆｉｇｈｔ」, will be published in Young Jump starting in May!
ATM was crowned by God, not by the church, for his power is divine.
ATM is so greasy it doesn't matter he can't get a woman wet
ATM is climbing a mountain. Why is he climbing a mountain?
atm's fetish is handing marathon runners cups full of his sweat and watching them gag
Atm thinks owning a black cat entitles him to use the N word
Atm keeps referring to the first arc of quintuplets where Nino and Itsuki haven't come around as the "Three fifths arc"
atm drew a manga about pushing kids down stairs called oshi no ko (but could not get it published)
ATM doubled the leading tone
ATM wrote the episode of MLP where they get enslaved and have to do hard labor in a mine
ATM is the village fool
atm is the village bicycle
Atm has custom-made vinyl figurines of all the members of this server
*atm walking with rhythm* “oooo I hope a big strong worm doesn’t vore me and bring me to orgasm oh noooo” || *a sand worm* “hey what the fuck”
ATM converted to Islam and changed his name to "Shai-Hulud"
Atm runs a George Bush Sr fan account on Twitter
When Atm refers to "the good ol' days" he's referring to when subway had $5 footlongs
ATM loves fried chicken, grape soda, rap music, wearing colorful sneakers, and his homies.
ATM got hella blasted af on sizzurp last night, please wish him a quick recovery from his purple hangover, and don't cap!
Oh no - ATM's period is late!
atm swore himself to being merth's retainer which merth figured would be a cool samurai thing and not involve atm crawling into merth's mouth to hold his teeth every night
ATM has taken out a $20,000 loan to spend on Lorcana
atm began writing down his "wisdoms" and "advice" based on his life experience and most of the "advice" is vtuber references
ATM quotes Dril tweets to his students
Atm cries every time he pees
ATM is a kept man
atm is free of sin and full of men
"the cake may be a lie but mine isn't" -atm, twerking
atm gets his milk straight from the source (soybeans)
ATM would still love you if you were a worm
atm drops a shot of espresso into a pint of olive oil and downs it
ATM calls bottom-right "western last"
ATM has a queen of spades womb tattoo
ATM's Kami Oshi is Dr. Pimple Popper.
ATM Livestreamed his wife miscarrying calling it "an epic meme reference"
ATM sent the Pinkertons to Merth's house after merth refused to return ATM's copy of Mario 64.
atm asks bartenders for a drink and then lets the glass fall off the counter when they slide it towards him
ATM is watching his weight so he only drinks diet piss now.
Atm is ashamed to admit that his first sexual awakening was caused by a foid (the blonde doctor from Scrubs)
ATM is more wholesome than Keanu Reeves
ATM describes all women under 5'3'' as "lolis"
Atm thinks short women shouldn't be considered like poeple. He also thinks this of average and tall women
"the 3/5s compromise was bad but it would have been funnier if it was 6/9" - ATM talking to his best friend, Elon Musk.
As a DM, ATM counts black dragons as having a 40% lower CR than other dragons.
ATM looks like Rob Liefeld drew the ending of Akira
ATM originally released as shareware
ATM invented armenian genocide denial
ATM describes himself as "a fashionista, barista, and a zionist sistah."
ATM is one of *those* white people
ATM is actually Dutch. What a fucking loser
ATM used a sequence break glitch to skip junior year of high school (expelled for terroristic threats and arson)
...atm is a creme saver
ATM will be adding up- and downvotes to his discord server! Just react to posts with the upvote or downvote emoji, and if a post gets more than 10 downvotes, ATM will personally shoot the poster in the leg!
Atm keeps a list of people in case he ever finds a death note
Atm got a quagmire toilet instelled at home
ATM is a FBI informant.
Every year on November 11th, ATM sounds himself with a Pocky
ATM sends shit tributes to his favorite vtubers
There's a visible seam on ATM's human suit
ATM hates swag fags. *Real* gentlemen have class.
Atm is the mayor of titty city
ATM is known as the "Lebron James of Incels"
ATM is a human sewer level
ATM is the quick time event of people
ATM pops up and dings when he's done
ATM pogs up and pees when he's excited
atm has a "good vibes only" sign in his bathroom
ATM just bought a blonde wig, a bunny suit, and a one way bus ticket to Washington DC.
A British man beat ATM to death with a sausage, you can day he died of banger.
atm gets into heated arguments about what real breakcore is
A man chooses, ATM obeys
Uh oh, atm accidentally put the entire Quran in a customers sandwich at subway
Atm makes translated covers of 80s pop music
ATM believes in life after love
ATM directed a what-if X-files fanfic stage play where Mulder's name is Mluder
atm's favorite X-Files episode is "Home"
atm's favorite anime is me!me!me!
ATM is like a cured ham
ATM: *pours liquid nitrogen on cock* "Frostmourne hungers"
ATM is the owner and head chef of restaurang Ratatoing
ATM wrote *When Megan Went Away*
atm named his dick "chunchunmaru"
ATM sends women pictures of Dick Van Dyke to women because he finds it funny.
"I'm going Hatsune Miku off the Mike's Hard if you know what I mean" -atm, stumbling out of the '97 Honda Civic he just crashed into a wall
ATM is a cute anime girl
ATM's kisses taste like pus
Thinking about sex makes ATM want to crap
ATM will give you $60 in twenties if you push his buttons and stick your card in
ATM believes in the moon 🤣
ATM is better than nothing.
atm's got a gun and a one way bus ticket to Cleveland
Uh oh! ATM just got a DM from Mafumafu while streaming! Hopefully this won't lead to a mental breakdown and him losing his high paying job.
Atm is known as the domestic violence meat monster of the Midwest
ATM doesn't have any tattoos or piercings
Making eye contact with atm causes impotence
ATM really really really really really loves erotic satanism
After turning into the magic the gathering creature that's a 3/5 giant for 2 and 2 white with vigilance and monstrosity 3 for 3 and 3 white, ATM now has 100 girlfriends, just like in the manga!
ATM didn't invest in Eastern Poland
ATM thinks Run DMC is one person.
ATM's rump is evocative of Brazil, the land of buttocks.
ATM invented bacteria
ATM is famous abroad
ATM is a famous broad
ATM was first built on the doom engine
ATM is DOOM'd
they call atm Mr. Floppy cuz he don't got bones
Atm debates with chat bots about the best girl in various animes
atm is a shrinker: smaller when erect
"Psych admission list? More like prospective employees!" - ATM starting a vtuber agency.
ATM says he has a praise kink but actually just likes praise an average amount, like most people
Atm walks up to the bank like haw haw haw
Atm converted to Zoroastrianism
atm was threatening me and told me not to buy any unripe bananas..
There are 2 things ATM doesn't want shoved up his ass, and both of them are Merth's Taurus.
ATM drives what was once a NAPA vehicle and has kept the hat
atm's tongue goes wild when the dentist sticks his tool inside
ATM hates socialism because his local library doesn't stock porn
Atm's favorite band is Breaking Benjamin
atm is on a whole other level (he went upstairs)
atm is one of those people that thinks everyone should read The Art of War (he has never read it)
ATM couldn't cut it as a poor man stealing
when atm is horny and flustered, he starts humming American Pie
ATM Thanos Snapped his ex-wife.
Atm's butthole itches (not projection)
Atm's hips are brutally honest
atm can recognize all of his exes just by the shapes of their craniums
atm finally finished his movie, "Gape Sexpectations"
in some cultures atm is considered a minor deity of testicular torsion
atm has that doofy-ass samurai haircut with the shaved forehead
the National Academy of Science is once again rejecting atm's paper on "Finding the First Funny Joke by a Woman"
atm is a union busker and hot air balloon enthusiast
ATM is really rather grotesque.
ATM has finally gotten his hands on a DNA sample of Balto. Insights to come; with the testing of just what it was that gave the dog such stamina and how ATM may replicate it for a husky of his own.
ATM is proof that you don't need to be attractive, funny, smart, or successful to be alive.
"I love hot vampire yaoi" - ATM forcing an artist to draw The count from sesame street railing count chocula
ATM knows how to silence a mandrake 😏
It's Golden Week and ATM is a thirsty little flower.
ATM has so much smegma buildup that he can't pee properly.
atm has been driving on the opposite side of the road in preparation for his trip to the UK
atm's rizz is existaflip
atm farted in tunguska if you know what i mean
atm can't pick up any items because his inventory is filled with magic find charms
ATM reloaded his M1 Garand wrong and now he has Garand Penis.
Atm can't wait until there's enough facts to start associating the fact number with hentai numbers
atm and merth explored each others bodies
ATM likes his cheeseburgers boiled
atm is just joking; don't take him so seriously
atm is damped to meet you too!
atm refuses to watch anime thats not dubbed and always skips the intros
atm won't stop writing to the Holocaust Museum and suggesting they add mascots visitors can take pictures with like at Disneyland
atm owns an authentic Waffen SS uniform from the 40's thats in his exact size
ATM is not eating enough hotdogs
ATM is Joe Biden's power of attorney.
ATM kins the atheist hydra
ATM is a big fan of the extended Maude cinematic universe.
ATM's small bedroom is a good cage
ATM watches videos of people pooping on YouTube. It's just for fun!
atm was caught doing the Teio step after his backwalls got ravaged by a certain bad dragon toy
atm laughs at toilet humor and cries at toilet tragedy
Atm's rash is really gross
ATM breeds greatness.
atm thinks an economy of scale refers to the large amounts of Bowser porn he commissions
ATM was a boy, you were a girl. Can I make it any more obvious?
ATM gives the best placenta handjob in Missouri
ATM's heck has been fricked
ATM's bone marrow is delicious
ATM invented a time machine to go back in time and bring Anne Frank to the current time to live first as his sister then as his wife.
ATM has been trying to get his local department of social services to recognize "discord mod" as a viable disability.
ATM really misinterpreted "dick sucking ASMR" when he swallowed Dick Cheney whole next to his KU100
ATM minted an AnusR0P NFT
atm has amnesia and is really trusting right now so if you want something from him nows the time to scam him
ATM paid merth the money hey owes jhonty
ATM taught merth how to spell
atm paid cuda the money phat owes cuda
ATM's uncouth bgm smells like sour cream
The consummate ATM has no fixed identity
ATM knows an old lady who swallowed St. Ides. He doesn't know why she swallows St. Ides.
ATM has street smarts but that's about it
atm is a convicted skipper and loafer
ATM does deep lore videos on Donkey Kong.
ATM invented funny sex
ATM space-invented krav maga into the past in an attempt to prevent the holocaust
atm just got isekai'd into a videogame! Unfortunately everything he does has to be Bill Clinton themed and unlike bears, its way harder to explain why his house looks like Bill Clinton and why the front door is his distended anus
atm has never been in love!
atm is undeserving of happiness!
atm is very excited to scab during the writer's strike
Atm loves scabs. He picks away at them and eats them
Atm doesn't think of stuff
atm pumped helium up his ass to make his farts high-pitched
ATM does the Brave Pose with random objects he finds all the time
atm blesses the rains down in africa
ATM didn't do as well as expected.
ATM's dick is ADA compliant 😎
ATM is friends with Murtaugh from Lethal Weapon
ATM is gonna say the n-word tomorrow!
ATM inches forward at red lights but takes a long time to go once they turn green
atm knows the lyrics of nyan cat by heart
If ATM slights you, he'll just say "#sorrynotsorry" and be on his way
ATM is a park ranger
atm's the kind of park ranger that makes sure the deer are breeding quickly enough instead of shooting forest mexicans
ATM is a good fidget toy and he isn't even trying hard yet
ATM wants to "fidget" with your "toy"
"QED, You're gay dab" - ATM handing in his PhD thesis.
every once in a while atm gets visits from evil alternate reality versions of him who hit on him with terrible one-liners
ATM walked down the aisle at his wedding to Unwelcome School.
Man after being pushed off cliff: "ATM INVENTED USING BEASTFORCE TO KILL CHILDREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeee..."
ATM was really into Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog when that was a thing
ATM failed to invent battlepoggers
ATM designed The Widows of Culloden
Fun fact: Since puberty, ATM has been Neversoft
Atm's family tree is more like a bush.
atm has paranoid delusions but the reality is everyone does actually hate him and make fun of him behind his back!
HI MY NAME IS ATM AND YOU CAN CALL ME DR. ASS, ATTORNEY AT LAW. DID YOU GET A PROSTATE EXAM FROM THE DOCTOR WITH THE THICK FINGERS AND EVEN THICKER KNUCKLES? ARE YOU NOW UNABLE TO CUM WITHOUT HIS THICK AND BULGING FINGER IN YOUR ASS AND PUSHING ON YOUR PROSTATE? WELL I WANT TO REPRESENT YOU! I WILL SUE HIM ON BEHALF OF YOUR ORGASM AND ALL I ASK IN RETURN IS THAT YOU MAKE A TERM IN THE SUIT THAT HE HAS TO START SEEING ME, ATM, AS A PATIENT AGAIN MULTIPLE TIMES A WEEK AND DROP THE RESTRAINING ORDER ||  || AGAIN, I AM DR. ASS ATTORNEY AT LAW AND I WANT A JUDGE TO MANDATE I GET MY BUSSY BLASTED.
ATM wants to put his round peg in your square hole
ATM lurks in the shadows
atm wants to ruin your hole
atm got really into hobby tunneling during the pandemic
atm got long covid and short cock
ATM is really dense so he doesn't know that all the cute girls in his apartment building secretly hate him!
atm recently found out his sister isn't biologically his sister and is starting to fall in love with her
ATM is new at straight chumerry
atm is diegetic
ATM invented a new type of sex, "Foot-Armpit-Pegging", also known as "FAgging"
atm does spit-takes irl
atm has an erection
As a form of protest ATM is foie gras'ing himself
An Italian gentleman punched ATM in the face for unfolding his calzone.
atm was born in blood
Atm is the actual factual Mr. Brightside
Atm's credit score and IQ are the same
ATM suffers from joystick drift
atm kissed your mom and didn't like it
ATM's mom has got it going on
Atm is who Brian May wrote Fat Bottomed Girls about
ATM is lurking swarthily outside your portal, free-cranking his doinker while lustily perceiving your partially clothed flesh
ATM has created the Batlazoid
atm sells used banjoes out the back of his '97 Honda Civic
Growing up, ATM ate a lot of iguana meat sandwiches
The Amen Break is actually a recording of ATM's farts.
atm knows homestuck lore
Atm is working on a new translation of the Bible for today's modern audiences (it's made entirely with rage comics)
When Atm is reminded about something in real life that's similar to a video game he likes to yell to make sure everyone knows it
Atm is upset someone ruined his chicken fingers. They were the good kind, 8 bucks
ATM is genuinely still upset about Harambe
Sex Havers Rejoice! ATM Has Invented VirtuaFuck
ATM invented using lasers to kill you
ATM birthed the badge man
*Don't it always seem to go || That you don't know what you've got 'til it's gone || They paved ATM || And put up a New York-style bodega* || ~ Irish folk song
ATM decants his Monster energy drink
"The W in Robin W. Illiams' name stands for Wizard - he died a virgin. What a fucking loser" || - ATM
Atm speaks to homosexuals online
ATM would like a little bit of chicken fried, please
ATM knows what I should bake
*ATM busting a fat smök* Oooh that's the Good shit that's the ace tier ganja the purply urkly 100
atm has high blood pressure
ATM trauma dumps to ChatGPT.
If you think about it, ATM is basically a pseudo-therapy platitude bot for millenials.
atm teaches the teachers who teach special education
atm gave you virginity
Most ATM sightings have been debunked as hoaxes or mirages.
ATM was fired for the way he repeatedly told customers "I'll give you some soy sauce."
ATM is halfway through a Jim Jones documentary and is thinking of converting!
atm unfrosted merth's mini wheats
atm was the casting director for Snow Dogs
“Don’t ask for whom atm cums, I cum in thee hnnnggghghggnnnnh” -atm, orgasming during sex
ATM's ass does not look good in bloomers.
atm wants to be epic but his dad won't let him
atm can clip through walls but his prison guard won't let him
ATM and his prison guard are in love and make extensive use of his no-clip ability
ATM is a 10x in dysfunctional programming
Atm was told as a child that he has a face made for radio and he has let that motivate him since
atm wrote a prompt so weird and gross that it made an AI image generator kill itself
ATM has white castle onion farts
ATM gets Spawn, Blade, and Black Panther mixed up all the time.
ATM has a signed photo of Julie Newmar.
atm made a video game where every single mechanic is racist
ATM thinks hyperpop is just gentrified denpa (he's right).
ATM keeps asking me where babies come from
Atm doesn’t really get the concept behind semen retention but the local truckers aren’t complaining!
atm has been sailing the seven seas, eating all the detritus
ATMs search history on "live edge hard wood" might lead you to believe he was into woodworking in the traditional sense
ATM gets upset when people call ketchup a sauce
when atm was a little baby he learned to say "don't forget to like and subscribe, and hit that bell" instead of "goodbye"
atm rides around town on a bicycle with hanger handlebars wearing a balaclava
ATM stimulates goats (sexually)
Atm is flippin' idort
ATM is really into toxicology reports
ATM invented settling scores in single combat
ATM invented a machine that turns poopoo into peepee
atm's morning wood is incredible this morning
atm got isekai'd to a strange and hostile land full of unimaginable evil and terrifying creatures (he fell asleep on the bus and woke up in Florida)
Atm doesn't care that it's mostly pee
ATM runs on clean natural gas
ATM likes to season his lead and asbestos sandwich with microplastics.
ATM's cutie mark is a photo realistic human skull
ATM owns a photo realistic human skull. Don't look in the freezer you saw it on top of, though
On cinco de mayo atm smoked a burrito bowl
ATM's inner monologue sounds like it's coming out of a wiimote speaker
"happy belated 4/20!" - atm, every day of the year
Atm thought the Rom in RomCom meant Romanian
ATM is CIS (Commonwealth of Independent States) gender.
Atm graduated magma cum load
ATM fails all the Leos in his class
ATM's natural speaking voice was used for recording Ramón Salazar's lines in Resident Evil 4
ATM is literally neurodivergent and a weirdo.
Atm didn't think there was enough internet memes in Borderlands 2
ATM is the Hottest Hololive En Vtuber design wise and no matter what you feel about his character, you can't deny that his character design is one of the best in all of vtubing
ATM dumped 500 pounds of pasta in New Jersey.
ATM doesn't like gamey meat, which is why he doesn't eat gamer girls
ATM gave Thomas Jefferson a Hatsune Miku binder.
ATM has read Fallout:  Equestria 6 times
ATM calls feet "grippers"
ATM sells blessed pennies down by the wharf
ATM spawned Big Blungus III
ATM sucked the frickadöödel from my spuge
atm's cutie mark is the UN flag
ATM pegged shockbot
For his high school language requirement, ATM took auction calling.
ATM has housewife swag
ATM is the Houshou Marine of the Midwest.
ATM makes more from his Jump It patreon than someone in Nijisanji gets from merch.
ATM's reddit account is /u/onlysays_gotogulag
ATM refers to all women over 25 as "MILFs"
ATM is an egirl
ATM put out a want ad seeking "tight, quivering fembussy"
Atm's got a bussy full of beans
ATM invented the woke mind virus.
ATM went broke WAY before he went woke
ATM has Eurovision
ATM shoved a nuke up his bussy
"Wednesday Noon in Ohio" is what ATM calls his shits.
British Soldier in 1854: "Commander ATM how do we fight the Russians?" ||  || ATM: "Idk just head on lmao dab"
ATM is into some fucked up shit
atm wants to get his hole wrecked
ATM is all fish and no barrel
atm is a paid pumper
ATM invented navycore judaism
ATM is Alexis Soyer's mom
atm named his firstborn son kaladin
Atm shot Ronald Reagan with an NES zapper
ATM sings indie pop under the name Tori Anus
ATM is North America's largest fruit
ATM is Missouri's official state mammal
ATM was convicted of insider trading and insurance fraud.
ATM loves hags so much that he moved into a swamp.
ATM directed the episode of Family Guy where Peter gets a footjob from Kamala Harris
ATM hates Zarah Leander
ATM lives a life so sweet it's like two icing pipers at once
ATM has escaped from Chateau d'If and Devil's Island but can he escape from his current wife!?
ATM was used by the native peoples of the North American continent as a natural exfoliant
ATM loves to sing karaoke. His signature song is "Hey Man, Nice Cock" by Filter, lyrics by ATM
ATM's humanity is in question!
The Japanese craftsmen and masters of old were said to have folded ATM over a thousand times.
ATM is the kind of guy who hops into a voice chat with a 35 year old goth woman to watch Steven Universe together.
atm loves prison, this place is a
atm is physically incapable of holding onto soap
"Has anyone ever used the IRC client WeeChat?" **ATM** is typing...
ATM thought a scary dance was called a "jigaboo" and now he's back in sensitivity training.
atm's time in sensitivity training was very productive (he now cums from titty twisters)
ATM spawned Judy Ann Santos
Atm is serving cunt
atm's time in active shooter training was very productive (he now cums on command)
ATM was chosen by heaven (you should say his name when you pray)
ATM lies a lot
ATM ran a train on himself
ATM can't be bothered with all these new highspeed rails; he just wants to vacation on one of the old classics that's been in service since the 19th century
ATM was actually beaten up by a gang of toddlers
ATM just installed Microsoft PowerToys
"What is it about the deaf that gives them this obsession with cock implants?" -ATM in a hushed tone at lunch
atm's piss is ice cold (the perfect drink on hot summer days)
atm is gunskt
Atm has caused many industrial "accidents"
ATM is running low on cummy gummies. Better make a trip to Cum-Mart.
ATM is not as stupid as all our best testing indicates
ATM boos loudly if he hears a song dedicated to a woman
ATM can tell you how many licks to the center of a Tsetse pop
atm is going to capitalism you in the face
ATM wrote a nearly 100 page essay on why free willy was actually about his penis
ATM hoarded a year and a half of speed runs for Barbie Horse Adventures in order to be the champion in all categories.
ATM has a turbo button
airman can't defeat atm
ATM's pubic hair goes up to his neck and down to his feet
ATM invented comedy
Atm doesn't give a SHIT about the presents underneath the christmas tree
ATM keeps giving me back-of-the-knee-pies when I'm out jogging and I hate it
ATM robbed Peter to pay Paul.
ATM had gender with your mom last night.
ATM invented judaism and gamer judaism
every time atm cums the x-files theme begins to play
Atm orders his latte black
ATM has extermination swag
atm loves oretata endings
ATM is Chinese-German and has 88 in his username.
ATM is nothing if not a hater
ATM wants to become an Apotheosis Gazebo
ATM is rootin, but not tootin.
Atm's gonna get you after school
Atm likes to meet his hook ups at his local Librarian club
ATM sells NSFW coloring books on Etsy
The physical pen testers ATM hired just stared at him
ATM asked for the super power to understand animals and now he wakes at 5am every morning to the incessant avian sex calls
"Finna go denpa mode" - ATM about to stick in a fork in the electric socket again.
"And this... Is... to go... even further beyond!" - ATM about to stick a second fork in a second electric socket
Atm went to sundae school
ATM's greatest rival is a giant chicken.
atm owns 64 nintendo games
ATM tips on his rent
Atm thinks Kanye was taken out of context
atm has finally hit the cringe millenial phase where he buys houseplants and vinyl records
atm is giving birth live in the voice chat
atm comments "weevil" every time he sees a picture of a weevil on twitter
atm's new neighbors already hate him
atm is the Dark Souls of scientific racism
atm is known as "The Semen Boy Next Door" in the one stall at the truck stop
atm is one of those incredibly annoying adult YA fans thats insufferable on Twitter
Atm makes everyone he meets take an online Harry Potter sorting hat quiz to make sure he's not talking to a filthy fucking Ravenclaw
atm wrote a book on the gay subtext of the Declaration of Independence
atm masturbated into merth's mouth
ATM always dresses slutty on public transportation, but hasn't been felt up once.
atm grilled and ate nerfgunner's NES
nobody actually likes atm
ATM is a vagina deboner
ATM has monogrammed condoms
ATM doesn't care where you're from, or what you believe, or what color your skin is, or what gender you are, or how old you are. He will treat you like shit
atm can only climax while listening to pavarotti
atm has a working toilet in his front yard but his neighbors wish he didn't
ATM thinks everything is because of zodiac signs.
Use the twitter tag #ArTM to publish the most fucked up, unhinged art of atm!
atm is a pedal (slur for homosexual in bulgarian)
ATM invented a tamagotchi that pisses on you
ATM is working with the CIA to create what he calls the "Ultra Slur" a single word that can offend every human ever.
ATM finds this server to be shallow and pedantic.
atm hates cgi but he hates practical effects even harder
atm puts a number in brackets next to his posts to show how high we was when he made it
ATM is legitimately scared of pronouns
ATM's trees bear bitter fruit
ATMs serves himself with a side of salad
atm changed his pfp to a pic of Megumin and the local synagogue immediately put a picture of atm on their threat board
atm has a deep and primal fear of fire, use this to your advantage!
atm only listens to nerd rock
ATM hates Mother's Day, and he hates being a mother.
atm's parents abandoned him at a Denny's in 1996
ATM had a dark and gritty reboot in mid 2010s
"Real atm" only consists of the dc ATM hardcore scene and the late 90's Screatm scene. What is known by "Midwest atm" is nothing but Alternative Sexuality with questionable real atm influence.
ATM was not kept in mint condition, and has lost most of his value.
ATM dislikes smoke
ATM's name is Buck, and he's here to fuck
ATM just burst into your room wearing his ultra-gamer armor!
ATM will spray you if he's feeling threatened
Atm gives a mean nosejob
ATM can be mounted on 35mm din rail
Atm can be mounted
ATM crapped his pants while he was hump jumping for his friends in college, but he kept going.
ATM has done a substantial amount of tweaking
atm loves using `A && B || C` syntax
ATM has two ifs and a ternary
atm knows how to use arrays in bash (but he's not telling)
atm is bashful
ATM is gonna carry that weight as well as fertilize your eggs (Weirdge)
atm just set a new world record for most consecutive rollings of a boulder up a hill and sisyphus punched him in the face (one must imagine him unhappy)
atm is god's drunkest salaryman and he's about to floor the pedal on his kei truck
ATM steals from the poor to give to the rich
atm likes to move it, move it (on moving day, from noon until 8 pm)
atm had sex on the blues clue's chair
atm only listens to pisscore
ATM has a crush on Paula Abdul
ATM plans on staying a virgin until he dies to set a good example for his kids
Atm is a funglart
ATM is a Person of AnyColor.
ATM hates AOC because he hates the AoC
Lately, ATM has been getting into competitive judaism
ATM's foreskin tastes like durian smells
ATM can disappear by turning sideways
If Thicc Mario is a 10 on the scale of attractiveness, ATM is a 2.
ATM is the human equivalent of garbage in the sewers
ATM wants to give you a foreskinpie.
ATM's boots are steel-toed and his underpants are steel-foreskinned
ATM fucking hates people who translate 勇者 as brave
ATM wants skugte
ATM nutted in the star wars cantina
ATM thinks elves and dwarves should be subservient to humans
ATM signs all his hate-filled forum posts "Mifflin Devin"
atm will give you a spinal adjustment
The key to ATM's booty is a .WAD file
ATM stole Morinaka Kazaki's silver play button plaque from Anycolor's head office.
ATM invented Komedian Slash
it's not delivery, it's atm scamming doordash!
ATM pooped on the floor
ATM has to poop
ATM's got a finger in every pie
ATM is a cool MF'r. If you're feeling down, he'll jerk you off - no strings attached.
bot is down so no one will know atm's gay
bot is down so no one will know atm's down bad
ATM got his vtubes tied
ATM got waffled.
ATM denies health insurance coverage and claims in his free time
ATM sells wasabi flavored condoms on Etsy
Atm uses the gas, grass, or ass system when he sells Magic the Gathering cards
atm farts as easily as he speaks
ATM ate a mushroom that Merth gave him and started dripping
ATM refused to learn English because he blames the Falkland Wars on his uncle's alcoholism.
ATM removed my anus
"Did you say the Hopi tribe??" -ATM, interest piqued
ATM gets really really upset when main characters in manga commit crimes
When asked about the bodies in his backyard, atm paused for 30 seconds and then quoted Fight Club
Atm is an incel
Atm made an anonymous account to follow his ex on Twitter so she doesn’t know he still cares but in the off chance she sees this atm wants her to know he still cares and he’s sorry about what he did to her couch
Atm shit his pants in Reno
Atm owns a Subway with bad vibes relative to Subways
ATM is my funny bunny milk monkey
ATM smells like cocopuffs in a good way
ATM has fractal nipples.
the bot is down because atm crushed the server with his giant ass (fetish thing)
it hurts (other people) when atm pees
it hurts (other people) when atm uses his water jet cutter
Atm wants to suck you off, tenderly
atm made a merth funko pop
atm did something terrible to his merth funko pop
ATM wrote an entire episode of Family Guy using only his nipples
atm would like to see your hole now please
atm thinks men should just go to therapy
"Hummus? I hardly know her!" -ATM with a tortilla chip
ATM has pikmin living in his lower intestine and it's pissing off Nintendo
atm is 140cm of pure sex appeal and rest is absolutely repulsive
Atm is experiencing “personal growth” (he got an erection)
Atm's associations are like his mom, fast and loose (he's suffering a psychotic break)
atm sniffs butts
ATM was extremely upset that they didn't eat breakfast in The Breakfast Club.
Nothing gets atm hornier than a valley girl accent
ATM made a Daffy Duck porn cartoon called "Duck Afuck"
ATM loves baking with spelt
ATM loves scraping out shit from inside of my ass
ATM in All Time Low be like  || I got your picture, I'm coming 😏
ATM regrets opening up to his friends about his weird hooked penis
atm likes Yellow Card and Hobenstank
ATM's not a phony, he'll walk up and bust a nut in your macaroni
After watching the latest episode of Oshi No Ko, ATM realizes he needs to try harder with the messages he sends Elon Musk.
You can play ATM like a Tibetan singing bowl
atm has a Death Note but instead of killing people it makes them cum
atm is desperate for your approval
ATM is freaking out, man
atm is a creepy funeral home director
Atm thinks Wu-Tang Clan is something to fuck with
atm's favorite music genre is "outer wilds soundtrack"
ATM includes the results of his "butt test" in Amazon reviews
ATM wrote the episode of King of The Hill that centered around Peggy's shoe size.
atm is crazy
atm is patient zero of gay
ATM just TIL'd about Cool
ATM's toes are longer than his feet
atm is too old to edit
ATM invented Power Attack of Deathness
"Autism? The only 'tism I got is a severe case o' patriotism" - ATM
ATM's orifices produce a lot of scum
atm grilled and ate Hime-chan
Atm wants to bust a fricker iykwim
Atm is a walking simulator
atm wants a trad boywife that he can be a househusband for
ATM said the first hello.
ATM will say the last goodbye.
atm's test results just came back and his ph levels are through the roof
atm is writing a wholly original production about the romance of the three kingdoms. You can't wait to see what he did with the yellow turban rebellion
Atm installed a camera in his own bathroom. He always turns it off when guests are there he just wants to check the tapes to improve
Atm says he's a blue collar worker but with the amount of cum on said collar it's impossible to tell anymore
german kinders are taught that if they don't behave atm will come in the night and schart their pants
ATM is a small town transplant moving to the big city! He has never seen a convenience store in his life and is now making it his entire personality.
Atm speaks Italian with a Kansai dialect
"it's not blackface, it's manba gyaru!" - ATM in blackface again.
As the hole in the ozone layer shrinks ATM's hole grows
ATM plays in a Smashing Pumpkins cover band called Crushing Autumnal Gourds
Atm has been warned several times for googling "wikihow sex" on the work computers
When atm is a dm his party always wipes. Literally. He's got wet wipes and makes sure they have clean asscracks
Atm is the Wesley Snipes of paying his taxes
ATM feels right at home at Spanish and Italian soccer matches.
ATM is high on skugu
atm is high on life, armpits in particular
"The asians are an amoral race... they only know cruelty." - ATM when asked why he spent $17,000 on Uma Musume
atm bought twitter blue so he could have his Holocaust denial boosted to the top of every thread
ATM became a communist because he hates being alone (he's convinced communists sleep in big piles like hamsters)
atm ate the missing parts of the rosetta stone: "gotta have me my alphabet soup!", he proclaimed (translated from ancient greek)
Atm has a spreadsheet of his oshis perfume brands so he can replicate their smell
Atm saw a woman this morning and it ruined his day
atm's hobby is making nightcore versions of catholic hymns
ATM's Cleveland restaurant has a signature breakfast meal. This Mexican-Japanese-American fusion dish includes dumblings, a serving of mashed potatoes and some salsa. He calls it the Ohio gyoza y mash
Atm finally got rid of his cock roach problem but he has to call Chapman Exterminators to deal with the dong beetle infestation
atm was gonna make a ranked list of nirvana albums but then last minute went nah, nevermind
atm wanted to collect fleetwood mac albums but he was scared of all the rumours surrounding him
In much the same way as in Yu-Gi-Oh where the protagonist calls on the spirit of an ancient pharaoh to help him win children's card games, ATM has the spirit of a Spartan soldier that helps him eat ass.
Atm takes regular videos of himself moving the Bible to the fiction section and posts them for clout
Atm only accepts the Action Bible as the canon interpretation of Christianity
Atm took the term "stealing cable" a little too literally when he went to Merth's house and stole the cable out of his yard.
Atm is really starting to get into the idea of arranged marriages as he gets older and more unloved
ATM is the least racist guy...in Ohio!
ATM got called a liberal sheep when he told his Ohio family he was voting for desantis
atm washed his salt lamp in the dishwasher.
ATM has a flag hanging of every German government since 962
atm believes ugly rumors about his friends
ATM is the "Prince" of his girls only high school
ATM orchestrated the hanging of every German leader since 961
Atm refers to himself as "Finely aged cum"
ATM has a YouTube channel where he reviews Dragon Ball themed knock off restaurants in Mexico
ATM believes he can enter heaven through good works alone
ATM trusted a ho
atm's internal organs are unionizing
Atm masturbates using the Armored Core grip
ATM stuck an entire Steel Battalion controller up his ass
Atm invented bears (not sexual)
ATM-chan is interested in Le
Oh no! ATM is trapped in the freaky ghost bed!
ATM has cervical cancer :/
Atm pronounced saké like “cake”
Me: does anyone want to buy this hog semen for ten dollars??? || ATM (clever scheme): no || 1 week later || Me: Does anyone want this RANCID HOG SEMEN for FREE? || ATM: Yeah, I'll take it 😏
ATM wrote a Harry Potter x Office fanfic and now he can't get women off of him.
ATM keeps NSFW images in a folder called "Pornography"
"what the fuck! this 'horse porn' folder is full of horse porn!" - someone snooping on atm's pc
"This fermented hog semen is too bland!!!!!!" - ATM, S-Rank food critic
atm's comments are executable
atm kisses his sister every day
atm's curses are undispelable
ATM commited 6-way hypergenocide
"the older I get, the more they stay the same" -atm, on dating elderly women
if you try to pet atm's belly, he'll pull out a gun and shoot you
“You know I never stopped loving you right? Across all these years and distance, even as you moved on and found comfort in another’s arms I never moved on. You’re the last person I kissed, the last person I loved, the last person I ever felt joy with. I never gave up on you! I was always going to wait for you.” -atm, shortly before getting shot by the Secret Service in Kamala Harris’s house
"cum now brown cow" -atm getting it wrong
atm just woke up with a gun in his hand and sirens getting closer
the librarians always make fun of the books atm checks out
Atm was reincarnated as one of merth’s pedals
ATMs Nike-competing slogan is "Just Piss"
Atm writes down any compliment or nice thing anyone has ever said to him so he can refer back to it when he’s feeling down. He’s managed to fill just half a page in nearly 30 years.
Runs out ATM’s home isn’t haunted, Bill Clinton just lives in the walls
ATM shat on the flat top of the burger place he was working at.
ATM texts and drives in front of middle schools exclusively
Atm drank chlorine juice because he thought it was a mix of Chloe and Marine bat water
Atm likes women’s breasts like he likes his congressional majorities, large and white
Atm ignores your DMs
atm got beat up for using ave as a greeting
ATM is microwave safe, but he will get pretty droopy if you leave him in too long
ATM would cut off his fingers and throw them at annoying people.
ATM is into giantess stuff
ATM's anus is his least fertile orifice
Atm got banned from your mom
ATM doesn't like dogs
ATM couldn't make a Teru Teru Bozu in time before the storm so he hung a KKK member instead.
ATM is dating Taylor Swift.
atm invented a new cocktail called a "French handjob". Its terrible
ATM is a shit alien from planet shit
Atm got his dick pierced so that it shoots out like a sprinkler when he pisses
ATM has invented a new type of crime called misogynysty! He stole the idea from merth
ATM wants to fuck you right in the misogynussy
normal people: yo can you go to the store? we're out of MILK || ATM: yo can you go to the store? we're out of **fermented hog semen**
ATM has permanently changed his name to Fermentasludge.
atm wrote a doujin where Fuutaro and the Quints all converted to Mormonism so he could marry all 5 of them
I let ATM borrow my virginity and he lost it
ATM is a truly horrific creature.
Atm lost to a fucking png
atm's holes look delectable tonight
"It's all about the he said she said bullshit" - atm on his 12th divorce
atm hasn't felt the warmth or love of another human being in over 5 years
atm is an animal chiropractor and he gives happy endings
atm is sweaty
atm is literally figurative
atm has a femcel NEET fetish
atm is not cute
ATM is pure and demure and smells like manure
ATM is neat and petite and smells like shit
ATM took the Hippopotamus oath where he swore to always be hungry hungry for balls
Atm adds a subject line to his texts
Atm deflowered merth’s garden
Takumi Fujiwara: Gas, gas, gas - I'm gonna step on the gas || ATM: Kys, kys, kys - I'm gonna tell you to kys
atm is a mail manipulator
atm uses passive voice when describing his shit
ATM falls for every ligma joke every time
ATM found out a way to harvest cumergy from cums
atm repeatedly gets stuck in complex geometry, please contact a developer when you see this
ATM's favorite movie is Crazy Rich Asians.
ATM's lore is pretty shallow and boring tbh
ATM wiped his ass with a pride flag AND rolled a joint with a page from the Bible
atm prefers jerrygirls to tomboys
atm has never missed an EWGF in his life
Atm goes "Ummmm in english please?" to fast food employees asking for which side he wants
ATM wants to be your beast of burden
ATM has a serious case of Fetal Alcohol Syndrom face despite not having Fetal Alcohol Syndrome
ATM skipped his monthly bum washing this month and everyone can tell
atm thinks bad things happen because he let himself be happy for once
the only female bodily fluid atm won't drink is tears
atm is your 2017 Menstrual Cup Champion
atm is a lean mean lean machine
Oh no! ATM is stuck in the dryer!
atm walked into a church and the cross comically drooped
atm claims to be a Christian yet has never shoved an entire Bible up his ass
ATM is wearing shimapan with vertical stripes tonight
Atm is known in Georgia as The Yandere Menace
atm is a slender nocturnal carnivorous mammal with a barred and spotted coat and well-developed anal scent glands
ATM can reach top speeds of 60mph, but can reach powerbottom speeds of over 100mph
atm fucked 5 guys at a 5 guys
NATO is deploying 700 troops to ATM's ass
ATM loves his new name Fermentasludge
Uh oh! You've dug too deep and have now hit ground water. Actually no, that's ATM's piss.
ATM has crabs, and he's threatened the mayor that he'll release them unless his demands are met.
ATM has finished development of Racism 2, and is planning to roll out next week!
atm uses the -sama honorific when talking about his toilet
No one knows whether or not atm has indeed gone through the immigrashaun process because he won't shown anyone his merth certificate
ATM won't stop DMing me Onceler porn
The ATM bacons all day long
ATM will farm you if you have a truck
atm still tests people for diabetes the traditional way
Captain ATM is going to swab your poop deck, and then he'll make you walk his plank
Atm made an autobiographical film called "The Greatest Story Never Told" and posted it on YouTube but doesn't understand why Neo Nazis keep linking to it
ATM is the Hillary Clinton of gay dudes
Atm finally came out as an aloupeep to his parents. They rightfully disowned him
atm is a Discord boomer (over the age of 23)
ATM yearns for the mines.
"The stronger they sweat, the harder I fall." -ATM passing through the vestibule at Play It Again Sports circa 2023 Somewhere, Ohio
ATM kicks balls in fights
ATM doesn't drive, he travels
ATM took to peeing in butts like a fish to water
atm plays a mean recorder
"finna pog off to a menhera Jirai-kei ecchi na nee-chan with a bakery" - ATM being incomprehensibly horny again.
ATM's pronouns are just "he" because he ain't him.
ATM's breakfast routine consists of eating half a goat liver, then eating 1 pound of fermented sludge
ATM found hisself a girl that stinks good
ATM is meeting up with Herod II's daughter today! Hopefully she's a nice woman.
"The experience should be on par with having to bushwhack through a jungle except for [inaudible] which should be pristine" || - ATM, unprompted, no context available
ATM went back in time to ask Hitler to be his Schwestern.
ATM keeps staining chairs with the sludge constantly leaking from his anus
ATM's MLK cum tribute video racked up an astonishing 1 billion views in only 1 week, before he was doxxed and murdered.
ATM runs on a Field Programmable Gay Array
Atm's butt hole hurts
atm ate his lunch in the bathroom not because he didn't have friends but because his lunch was the shit and toilet paper that clogged most high school toilets
atm is simply a faggot
ATM eats hot dogs, smokes weed, and eats his own cum
ATM makes fart edits of Nikke gameplay.
atm's parents bought him at a police auction
atm noticed something weird on his forearm and googled "What does a hemorroid look like" first
atm has to alert veterans in the vicinity when he goes to the bathroom, to make sure he doesn't trigger their ptsd
ATM is making a Twins remake with merth.
ATM got his pronouns at the discount pronoun store
ATM left his homosexual agenda in his locker and now he doesn't know what homework is due tomorrow
ATM aced his homosexual agenda homework by having sex with the professor
ATM scabbed during the writers strike and TV shows got a lot better.
ATM made Jher shit a cumload, because Jher made ATM cum a shitload
ATM is passing a stone to raise the het ceiling
ATM has nuts for sale
ATM will only truly die when the last ATM fact is uttered
ATM eats white castle at 1am and wonders why he has heartburn
atm LOVES sludge
enemy: i am kill || atm: you should consume more **fermented sludge**
ATM fucked GasBuddy
Since 1900, ATM has chosen one random art student at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna to fail each year. No one has noticed yet.
Much like a diet Dr. Pepper, you can shake ATM and adjust his straw to get a little more out
Atm has elaborate fantasies where he finally finds happiness then loses it
Atm played Jesus in his elementary school Christmas pageant and they actually crucified him at the end
Atm has been trying to get his streaming career off the ground for a few years now but still hasn’t found his audience of people that want to watch somebody do excel 97 while denying genocides
ATM gets emotional over fonts
you'll never guess which pokemon atm considers to be the most fuckable
ATM shoved a feather in his ass and called it fettuccine
ATM felt strangely at home when he visited Salt Lake City.
*ATM reading Romance of the Three Kingdoms*  ||  || "Is that a Paripi Kongming reference???????"
Hey guys ChrisFix here! Today I'm going to show you how to flip an ATM for profit! ($$$ Quick Polish)
ATM Is A Southern Belle Now, And There's Nothing We Can Do About It
ATM does a pro gamer move in bed
The CKY bit "Gay Fags" was inspired by seeing ATM take his morning constitutional
ATM cums at 25,000 km/s
ATM rolled coal in his underdrawers
Don't ask ATM what his favourite Pokémon is. Unless you WANT to hear "Gulpin deez nuts!"
atm works for Blizzard
atm: "man, I'm super horny right now" ||  || the St. Louis Cardinals, looking nervous: "h-how horny?"
ATM gets Phish and Reel Big Fish mixed up all the time.
ATM is very excited for his role as Mika in the Lycoris Recoil stage play.
ATM's band finally got a big gig! They will be performing to 20 people in the back patio of a grimy burger restaurant.
Atm finally got his first gig. Soon he'll have a whole tera
ATM is anti-woke because he wants to sleep in today.
ATM wants to play as the conquistadors in the new Aztec game
ATM doesn't think. He knows.
atm's aura is footage of the planes hitting the towers on 9/11
ATM is dazzling yet so far away.
ATM went back in time to give John Hinckley a copy of the first volume of Oshi No Ko.
atm did a Jamaican remake of the The Thing called Tha Ting
ATM went to bed straight and woke up gay
atm is one of *them*
Atm bought a grand wagoneer  because he wanted to pay 100k for a jeep
atm invented a new kind of sex
R. Kelly's "Trapped in the Closet" was written by ATM
atm has skeletons in his closet, but they are getting ready to come out next halloween
Atm gave konami Devs the idea for the Medusa head patterns
atm only gives fucks to things that fuck him back
Atm likes wholesale stores because they put his shoplifting skills to the test (smuggling things out through his anus)
"Sitting on a cock cause I'm gay" - ATM, sitting on a cock, cause he's gay
atm took an entire vial of the measels vaccine and invented a new kind of autism
atm litters
ATM got pregnant after a threesome with two women
ATM is capping and sus
ATM is seriously into sludge these days
Atm's younger relatives all wanted slime for christmas, but he got them all sludge instead
ATM’s parents tried to pawn him so they could buy a jet ski
The priest recommended an abortion during ATM’s baptism
ATM ratted out Ann Frank's hiding spot😥
ATM trapped Henry Kissinger's soul in Samsara and we all gotta pay for it
ATM has a porn parody of the famous Abbot and Costello sketch called "Who Cums First"
ATM eats chalk
You can find ATM in 6 other dimensions and he's still gay
ATM is really passionate about making diversity training for HR.
Moses kicked ATM out of the exodus after he taught everyone how to wotagei for Baal.
Atm went to the middle east because he wanted to meet Luffy. He thought he would find him there because everyone keeps saying The One Piece Israel
atm first synthesized yaoi cocaine in 1904
Atm drew the DeSantis 2024 yaoi comic
ATM runs a long term care facility for slutty spice girl fans called "Ho Spice"
atm keeps telling people he's getting "n-gage'd" because he put up a bid on eBay for a nokia
ATM is USB C
Atm has several gaps in his resume. That's because he was a really good manager and kept getting transferred to different stores to improve their sales.
Atm mourns the death of celebrities by doing the Wakanda pose
ATM describes his manner of speech as "street".
atm is a discord exclusive
Atm is working on making "clanker" a slur for robots
atm wants a sludgejob
ATM pissed on my hand after asking me to help him piss
ATM has a pet jellyfish
ATM speaks 34 different languages, 33 of them he invented
ATM likes to make positive assertions with no evidence
atm is holding a candlelit vigil for lost firefighters
atm claims to be bisexual and therefore able to user certain slurs yet I have never seen him date or show any interest in someone of the same gender. Curious.
In celebration of Breast Cancer Awareness Month, ATM got a bunch of bumper stickers saying "oppai daisuki"
ATM is in favor of some forms of slavery
ATM is a Certified White Guy With Big Nuts (CWGBN)
ATM started cross-dressing after watching Mulan, but insists on pulling his eyes back into a squint
Atm is carb-loading (eating full carburators)
ATM tried jumping over his Korone nendo but he tripped and fell on it and it got stuck in his butt.
ATM is the reason "touring Italy" rhymes with "poo ring shittily"
Atm has the meanest cleanest penis
ATM practices poor water discipline.
ATM has a couple million dollars in unsecured debt
ATM's in too deep, and he's trying to keep all the blood in his head, instead of getting a boner
atm stabbed Korone's mom
atm has been hanging out in Canada and smoking weed for about a week now without his phone
ATM is producing and directing a series of films called "Men in White" (it's cum)
ATM puts the kum in muk (sludgefucker)
atm is a famous chalga producer
ATM shot another nazi today.
Atm says he's been writing a book but so far it's only a Word document with "what if Mr beast got a time machine and killed hitler" written in it
atm rizzed up Baby Gronk but some people are saying he did it for clout
ATM's asshole looks and tastes like a handful of Sour Patch Kids
ATM wants to know what you would do if your ex-boyfriend filled your vagina with cement while you were sleeping
ATM's car is full of sludge and he refuses to clean it
ATM is gay and in need of a guy
ATM is an orb
Atm became an archpriest so he could cure meats
ATM has a strong parasocial relationship with his local weather man.
ATM DEFECATED THROUGH A SUNROOF!
atm walks into a starbucks and orders a "defecated late"; the barista replied "we don't have kopi luwak, sir"
Atm vaped during his custody hearing, both his parents dropped the case
Atm is still upset about Hillary Clinton's emails
Whenever someone tells ATM they have anxiety, he tells them they should smoke weed
atm prefers being the middle spoon
A liberal muslim homosexual ACLU lawyer professor and abortion doctor was teaching a class on Karl Marx, known atheist ”Before the class begins, you must get on your knees and worship Marx and accept that he was the most highly-evolved being the world has ever known, even greater than Jesus Christ!” At this moment, a brave, patriotic, pro-life Navy SEAL champion named ATM who had served 1500 tours of duty and understood the necessity of war and fully supported all military decision made by the United States stood up and held up a rock. ”How old is this rock, pinhead?” The arrogant professor smirked quite Jewishly and smugly replied “4.6 billion years, you stupid Christian” ”Wrong. It’s been 5,000 years since God created it. If it was 4.6 billion years old and evolution, as you say, is real… then it should be an animal now” The professor was visibly shaken, and dropped his chalk and copy of Origin of the Species. He stormed out of the room crying those liberal crocodile tears. The students applauded and all registered Republican that day and accepted Jesus as their lord and savior. An eagle named “Small Government” flew into the room and perched atop the American Flag and shed a tear on the chalk. The pledge of allegiance was read several times, and God himself showed up and enacted a flat tax rate across the country. The professor lost his tenure and was fired the next day. He died of the gay plague AIDS and was tossed into the lake of fire for all eternity. Semper Fi. p.s. close the borders
ATM pronounces lb "leeb"
ATM told his teachers to suck his dick, he's selling food.
Atm got the purple heart when he attempted to rocket jump in the heat of battle and blasted both his legs off
ATM cumsharked Merth
Breaking: a second merth has just rizzed up atm
ATM is a boomer groomer consoomer doomer coomer bloomer kamehamehoomer
When ATM moved to Ohio he traded his BUTT that POOPS for an ASS that SHITS
ATM owns a bazooka
ATM doesn't know what an API is
AI generated images were great for atm's industrial accident fetish
Atm aspires to be a videogame streamer
ATM has glow-in-the-dark cum
atm won baldur's gay
ATM wishes he wasn't friends with so many jive ass crackers
atm got an anemo vision
ATM likes thick bitches
All your base are belong to ATM
Atm has all the characteristics of a human being: blood, flesh, skin, hair; but not a single, clear, identifiable emotion, except for greed and disgust.
ATM has been in his room all day, photoshopping himself into pictures with Kevin Spacey
You can bend ATM until he snaps, give him a shake, and he'll light up the room for a while
Atm got the stink up the whole house daddy shits
ATM is offering free Queen of Spades tattoos for anyone participating in the reddit blackout
ATM can't walk straight
Atm can't tell left from wrong
ATM orders only oil at Subway.
Atm came up with a 99.9% effective merth control solution
Atm is responsible for the declining merth rates
ATM REALLY miscalculated with his Shadows House cosplay.
ATM took gamer pills.
ATM loves fermented sludge but he's fine with non-fermented sludge too
ATM wants to fuck a double chin one day
ATM wants to watch classic movies with you
ATM forgave the Greek.
ATM won't stop pronouncing MKULTRA as "M. Kultra"
ATM is highly innapropriate by nature
ATM claims he's impregnable. Merth aims to test that claim.
ATM's immune system is still running Windows 8
ATM got really into yo-yos for three months in 8th grade
"This next song is about my struggles with heroin addiction, anyway this song is called 'Does Anyone Have Any Heroin My Dealer Got Arrested Yesterday'" -atm, at grunge open mic night
last Christmas atm gave merth a heart and the very next day, he called the police
atm nutted in the ritual sludge
atm nutted in the communion wine
ATM is one of the top players of World of Spanks
ATM created a 97 page PDF document archiving 255 4chan posts from a racist soccer fan from the UK
ATM wrote 87% of the "Chinese" wikipedia pages by writing English in an accent.
atm sniffs bus seats
ATM would really prefer that you be quiet. But you are correct.
atm drank my lava lamp water
atm giggles every time he hears the word カチンコ
atm lets fucking goes
atm sees dead people (he works at a morgue)
atm started to get into philosophy to hook up with pale twinks with no social skills but stopped when he realized getting into sports let him hook up with much more attractive and interesting people
ATM fertilized 🫵YOU🫵
atm sells second-hand crocs (stinky)
ATM takes cod liver oil every day
Atm is being audited by the IRS
ATM poured sludge down falafels throat to finally silence him.
atm made a subreddit where everone gets rated at least a 7.5 and it really messed up the distribution
People are surprised to find out ATM is a teacher because he's so attractive.
Amazon shut down atm's smart house because he's racist
atm is gonna make a super sonic woman of you
ATM is non-ternary
atm downloaded a car
ATM has "Boner garage➡" tattoos for each of his orifices
ATM fantasizes about himself being the lib that gets owned
ATM is gay hahaha hahaha hahaha
ATM is genderfaggy
Every year atm runs the toilet bowl. It's basically the super bowl of human toilets
Many people have been confused or surprised by the sight of atm's unclothed body.
atm is antigender
atm is always 3 standard deviations from the average
Atm is known as a Forest Kin, but usually he shortens it by removing the T
atm is the lead singer for Replaceable Naked Body
atm is always drinking on the job (he watched one episode of Mad Men)
atm is a superwholock fan
ATM writes fanfics about the stray cats in his neighborhood.
ATM used Spongebob as an onahole
ATM eats the dead skin off people's feet like a fish
"I love heavy whipping cream!" ATM, unprovoked
ATM offers ballmistry readings (it's like palmistry, but for balls)
Minting 10,000 ATM Facts entitles you to (1) ATM-job
Atm just found out what coca cola is a couple days ago. He thought it was "some kind of pokemon"
"Oh yeah, I want to tongue that dainty little shithole" || \- ATM commenting on his own gonewild post after forgetting to switch to his sockpuppet account
atm got trapped in a Hitler particle accelerator and became The Fash
atm got poop transplanted that was tainted with vodka. it gave him fecal alcohol syndrome
ATM beat the crap out of a nazi on his way to a blind date with a femboy, the femboy didn't show up.
Atm is proud to announce that his subreddit /r/AlvinAndTheChipmunksProlapse is support the reddit boycott
ATM got black air force energy.
Atm is like the dark souls of anal prolapse
ATM is only queer during pride month
ATM invites you to a game of Missouri Hold 'Em (He will hold your buttcheeks. Quite firmly.)
ATM got two phones, his regular everyday phone and his trap phone for drug deals and flirting with femboys.
ATM's boyfriend keeps saying really racist things and he won't address any of it
atm is all kwisatz and no haderash
*ATM nods his head to the attendant* "Fill her up, thanks." -ATM, naked
ATM's 7 hour furry-themed musical adaptation of Lolita is surprisingly accurate to the source material.
ATM makes a lot of K-On edits where he puts the characters in German military garb
ATM is really interested in military history but only in Germany during a narrow time period
When ATM plays drums lives, he uses a track for the kick
atm liked final fantasy 2
Atm caught GRID
Every day, atm laments that he was born with a conscience
Atm pulled out a yugioh card to beat his bullies and it actually worked
Turns out that weird notebook atm found was actually an Orgasm Note and not the Death Note which really adds some interesting details to Berlusconi’s death
Atm became the world's first bullionaire after he successfully bullied a billion poeple
atm LIKES getting paid in the rear
Atm is the key master
ATM just finished an ASMR Pandora's unboxing video
ATM is a twitter lib
atm is well regarded for the quality of his boyhole
atm is the dark souls of giving blow jobs
atm is the king of taking a shit and backing it up
ATM's real name is Conan
ATM wears a suit with a geometric pattern designed specifically to divert German U-boat torpedos directly at his ass
I tried installing an ISA sound card on my ATM and he blue screened
The black hole sun came on ATM
ATM has had more than a couple awkward visits from the Jehovah's Witnesses cut short by convenient diarrhea
Atm: are they a man or a machine? At what point is so much humanity removed or machine added that they become something else? Something no longer human? || Merth: please stop showing me pictures of lathe accidents with vtubers shopped into them
Atm is the Phineas Gage of sex toys
Instead of just bringing his trash to the kitchen when he gets up anyway, ATM chooses to let it pile up until he's living in squalor
Despite what you may have heard, ATM actually hits the toilet most of the time
ATM is really upset that the female lead in a video game isn't as attractive as she could've been
ATM got a handjob from a jewish fisherman down by the wharf
ATM's faith is big, and it keeps getting bigger.
atm claims he'll try anything once yet he's never come over for hotpot
atm's signature move is seductively biting his ass
ATM nutted in the gazpacho
Left brained? Right brained? All I know is I get brain. || - ATM in psychology class
"this is really gonna ripple my bronfenbrenner's ecological systems" - atm, failing psychology class
"this is really gonna undermine my maslow's hierarchy of needs" - atm, failing psychology class
"this is really gonna cause me to develop cognitive distortions and a negative schema" - atm, failing psychology class
atm failed psychology class because he just wouldn't stop referring to trauma as "big oofs"
If sadness was a drug, ATM would be high as fuck
ATM would look a lot better if he would just smile more. And think about dressing a little sexier. We're talking about your job, after all.
ATM will never recapture his youth
ATM thought a "brothel" was a bad soup.
ATM is a 3/3 for 4.
ATM WILL START HIS TURN BY PLAYING POT OF GREED, WHICH ALLOWS HIM TO DRAW TWO MORE CARDS. HE WILL PLAY THE MAGIC CARD, POT OF GREED, WHICH ALLOWS HIM TO DRAW TWO NEW CARDS.
ATM wants a dude to notice him so he started acting like his mom and it worked!
ATM treats women like a KFC menu. He's only interested in breasts and thighs.
ATM just got his MBA and got hired by your favorite company!
ATM really likes the YourBoySponge videos.
"The big R means racism" - ATM on Team Rocket
ATM waters his plants with Gatorade.
atm did a pump and dump scheme in merth's computer
Atm owns 14 Ford f-250 trucks all from 1988
ATM's go to sex song is "Hopes and Dreams/Save The World" from the Undertale OST.
ATM is a human browser tool bar
Atm runs a Facebook group for Vermont Uber drivers where they can share their accomplishments but he's getting a lot of random international join requests due to the name "VTUber Feats"
ATM's favorite drink to order at the club is a virgin bloody mary with a powder donut rim.
atm is known as "the Brett Favre of anal sex"
"what is it with white vtubers and extremely long toes, plenty of white women have small shapely toes, but every white female vtuber has actual chromosome issues" || \- excerpt from ATM's surprisingly un-racist tirade about western livestreaming culture
An "ATM type beat" is just his grunts while eating well done steak.
ATM eats his steak with mustard
Atm discovered that whale bile could make for a good basis for perfume while he was just playing with the stuff for fun
ATM's wife left him for merth.
The Saudis have offered ATM 500 million dollars to make jumpit videos exclusively for them.
ATM looked a lot cooler in early concept art tbh.
Atm leaves upper deckers in people's toilets to assert dominance
ATM is so constipated he has to get a C-section.
Atm trained orcas to flip yachts
ATM believes that babies born from C-sections won't go to heaven.
ATM thought "C-section" meant "cunt section"
ATM's balls were too full he needed a p-section
ATM absolutely hates people and doing any kind of work for himself, which is why he got his master's in Social Work.
Atm is currently engaged in several legal battles with the ACLU and the SPLC
ATM ivented Tinder for groundhogs and is the first registered user
Atm has friends who are 😭😭😭😭 socialists
ATM would like you to feel this bag of eyeballs (they're just peeled grapes)
Atm gets all sorts of awkward when he sees an interracial couple
ATM lives his life in a constant state of gay panic
ATM has a pair of Bon Jovi booty shorts, with "Have A Nice Day" on the front, and "Slippery When Wet" on the back
ATM's just a notch in your bedpost, but you're just a line in his song
If ATM were a Dungeons and Dragons character, his highest stat would be Charisma. With a 12.
ATM is very excited for Mario's new Elephant form (he can now commission art of his fursona getting railed by an elephant Mario much more easily)
ATM will hurt your butt
anti-vaping PSAs use footage of atm vaping to get teenagers to quit
ATM is served sprinkled with bacon bits
ATM has carbon aero training wheels
ATM invented auto-erotic asphyxiation
ATM lost the yubikey to his butt
ATM loves you even though you're stupid and you fuck things up all the time
atm is going vegan cuz he hates plants
ATM's favorite sci-fi trilogy is the Dune prequel trilogy written by Brian Herbert
Atm just wishes she’d text him back and Kamala Harris just wishes he’d stop figuring out her phone number
ATM would like some sausage
ATM destroyed the titan submersible with a hammer.
ATM beat the personification of Death to death with a hammer.
ATM's gay and he likes cock
ATM dubs JAVs
ATM almost earned a Guinness World Record for loudest shout, but was disqualified because of which word he chose to shout.
I just got ATM's birthday wishlist. He's asking for a PS5 and "a fertile negress".
ATM has been fermenting black people lately. He's been kidnapping black people and putting them in fermentation chambers
Kids of the late ‘90s and early aughts will surely recognize toy giant Hasbro’s latest toy release — bulbous blinking eyes, a flapping yellow beak, a mess of fur and a voice box preloaded with gibberish. ||  || That’s right, ATM has returned.
ATM always strips naked when he gets in a fight
" I know how to handle a woman when she gets out of control" - ATM, who most certainly does not.
Atm lost his virginity twice on gm_flatgrass
Atm uses an internet poll to name the new gloryhole at the truck stop
Elton John: Can you feel the love tonight? 🎵 || ATM: Can you *ferment* the *black person* tonight?
ATM should smile more
ATM is half woman on his mom's side
ATM has been very interested in Phat after binging all of Death in Paradise
Whenever ATM cosplays as an anime character, he makes sure to honor their japanese nationality by taping his eyes so they look slanted
ATM is an adult human fuckwit
ATM is trying to invent what he calls "greek judaism"
Atm works at the God Hates Fagstory
ATM is ghetto fabulous.
ATM got explosive diarrhea from a meal he got from The Anarchist's Cookbook.
ATM lost his virginity in the The Cheesecake Factory
ATM lost his job when he paid $250,000,000.00 for gogle.com
atm made a Robocop porn parody called Robocock
ATM outlawed singing and friendship
atm is caked up
atm got a second season but everyone hated it
Atm sends a canary down there to make sure he's ready to bottom
atm: don't you see merth? everything has meaning simply because it exists! Its existence is the meaning and the world is a beautiful place! || merth: man that does not justify what you did to my microwave at all
ATM is a quirked up white boy.
atm let him hit cuz he was Goofy
atm's Die Hard 3 cosplay was very poorly received
ATM will read a Wikipedia article for 23 minutes and write a 143 tweet thread about the topic
atm will be releasing the summer skins for the ATMcord gacha game soon!
ATM has a lucrative hobby filing nuisance lawsuits.
ATM goes back in time to prevent other time travelers from killing baby Hitler(it's a canon event)
ATM is the singer of the band Twink Floyd
ATM has eye-worms
atm found happiness at the bottom of a Jack Daniels bottle after he successfully sued the company for millions of dollars because of a piece of broken glass that was in the bottle
atm legitimately enjoys Miami
ATM still thinks pepe is a right wing exclusive meme
atm made a porn parody of a recent James Cameron movie called Fagatar: The Gay of Water
ATM asks "what time?" When you say "see you later" to him
atm responds "4:20 🤘!" when you ask him "what time?"
ATM's g string is flat
ATM takes corrections as personal attacks
Atm has a hole in his mattress leading to a septic tank because he keeps shitting the bed
ATM thinks a woman with a C cup is flat chested.
*atm posting a picture of Engels banging Spongebob while Marx watches from the cuck chair* "this pic got me hard, feel free to screenshot"
"This isn't that kind of dispensary..." -ATM with cringeface
Rather than renewables, ATM has a method of sustaining his homestead by the clever use of diesel trucks and theft
atm is a gundam
ATM climbed the altar of the heavens and struck down the divine
ATM has a bonner
You can smell ATM's ass through his breath
ATM is unnecessarily gendered
atm loves bell peppers
atm always shits before wiping
atm wrote a comic book where one of the villains is just called Women's Rights
atm put a baby on board sticker on his car because he wants people to think he's had sex
atm can fit inside a WAD doom map
ATM and his followers are wanted and being hunted down for violating the honda accords
ATM's favorite band is Taylor Gizzard and the Swift Lizard
atm spins me right round, baby, right round, on his lathe, baby, right round round round
ATM has a fetish for sexual acts which deny his partner the chance to use their natural talents
ATM got lectured on Reddit for calling a jackdaw a crow
ATM was exiled to Belarus after a failed coup.
ATM rebooted Dragon Ball
ATM took phat out for ice cream, but he kept saying "I got 2 big scoops of dark chocolate, can I get a hell yeah?"
ATM's skin is a little bruised and he may be on the verge of too ripe, but you put him in the cart anyway and hope the family is prepared to eat a lot of fruit salad later today
ATM is producing, directing, writing, and starring in a dark and gritty reboot of Birth of a Nation
ATM's mom cancelled his fight with SpicyDisco
ATM's favorite Disney song is "What Makes the Red Man Red?"
atm's favorite indiana jones movie is temple of doom (because of the racism)
atm listens exclusively to anisong and anasong
atm overclocked his clock
ATM assumes people's sexuality based on their haircut
ATM invented the ALF bar, the only disposable vape for ALF
Atm still listens to "What does the fox say" daily and thinks its really funny and clever
ATM sells steroids to Baby Gronk.
ATM is a tattoo artist for children.
Atm got really into danganronpa while homestuck was on hiatus
Despite the continued existence of war, ATM thinks Jesus Christ is the Jewish Messiah
atm's hobby is consummating other people's marriages
Atm made a spoof of Fruit Ninja called Fruit Nigga where you shoot the fruits with a gun
ChatGPT is actually just ATM. That's why he's never around anymore--too busy generating all the responses.
ATM thought St. Lucia was a fire emblem reference.
ATM is a bad bitch.
atm never sits on his own ass
ATM drives a bright pink F-150 with the license plate "NOT GAY"
ATM slopes downward
atm's a glower not a shower
ATM was really excited to read Huckleberry Finn out loud in school
ATM accidentally found himself in a gay orgy thinking it was a backgammon club
atm claims he's one punch man (he only picks fights at retirement homes)
atm ate all the pipis again
atm's steppaper got stuck in his stepprinter again
ATM will eat your blisters
ATM is but a bug
Phat: I love Vantacrow Bringer || Merth: I love Vantablack || ATM: I love Fermentablack
ATM invented a new fermented food that makes you kill yourself, it's called Fermentakysium and makes you kill yourself
atm calls all music with distorted guitars "metal"
ATM knows the difference, but calls all video game consoles nintendos in order to annoy his students
When ATM goes to shows he's always looking at the musician's feet
ATM SAIKOU ☝️ 😄 ☝️  👇 😔 👇
atm spreads mammal sauce on his wang
ATM's urine and feces are processed in high thigh pads
ATM blames his shitty personality and refusal to respect other people on being an aries
atm won't stop referring to himself as "the Benjamin Button of gay sex"
atm smells like watermelon
ATM still plays Farmville 1 on Facebook
ATM pretends to be racist so he could date a femboy.
atm got so many rimjobs from the mcdonalds marketing department for his Grimace Milkshake Death viral campaign
atm's middle name is t
atm tried vtubing but every irl collab ended up with at least 3 pregnancy related graduations
ATM when the sludge isn't fermented: bro I love it but I wish it was fermented
ATM when the sludge isn't fertilized: bro I love it but I wish it was fertilized
atm refuses to get on any train unless it's a choo choo train
atm is still looking for a movie theatre that will accommodate his autistic dog
atm has a woody (toy)
ATM did not get the kind of results he was expecting when he googled "Disney frozen head"
Atm's as homely and a mule's butt
atm hasn't had a grip on his sanity in at least 4 years
ATM thinks women and seamen don't mix
atm enjoys sex scene discourse
atm is really greasy, its a defense mechanism against predators
ATM doesn't give his sit up on the bus for the elderly or disabled.
ATM filled his home with 2 feet of dirt hoping to attract groundhogs
ATM takes a faith based approach to sex
Atm only calls when he’s drunk
ATM took "fuck the police" literally
"The butt is nature's 3D printer" -ATM
ATM is the reason why the Sacabambaspis is extinct.
Atm's YouTube apology video has a 20 minute tuba solo
ATM is not materialistic but he got a thing for you.
every week atm puts on his thickest incest glasses to watch oshi no ko
ATM took the green pill
ATM is a chickenhead
everyone thought atm was being racist when he kept referring to 2019 Japanese election coverage as "erection night" but he was actually just talking about his feelings towards his preferred Osaka gubernatorial candidate, Hirofumi Yoshimura
ATM runs a custom version of macOS 11, called "Big Slur"
They said ATM couldn't pull it off, that he was a fool to even try. But against all odds, he did it! He showed everyone! ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || What did he pull off? ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || 😓😓😓😓😓 ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || his pants..... ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || 😰😰😰😰😰😰 ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || at the movie theatre........ ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  ||  || 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
ATM is strong enough to be your man
uh oh! atm has acute radiation sickness and is going to die a horrific death!
ATM used to say "I love lamp" a LOT
sunday school teacher: "God made all of us in His image" *looks at atm* "not you though" || atm: aw jeez mom
ATM has an anti-cheat where he breaks into your house and bashes your head in with a hammer.
atm's kokoro goes dokidoki
atm alt-f4s the video the second an indian man starts talking
Amber is the color of atm's pee
ATM became heavily involved in local politics because of Grindr.
ATM's other car is YOUR MOM
ATM dropped an orange and discovered electricity
atm can beatbox every mario 64 track
atm returns a null value
ATM is starring in a series based in the fictional universe of the movie "What Women Want" going through all the demographics
ATM Dato número uno (en español): ATM es un ciervo espacial homosexual
Here comes rhymin' atm. And he's just finished a sentence with bigger
in a thousand years when they dig up atm's skeleton they'll laugh cuz he's got a fucked up skull
ATM was honestly surprised that Nijisanji approved his name to be "ATM Darkblade, Destroyer of Thots" and somehow still isn't the stupidest name on the roster.
atm ran away to join the circus as a kid setting off a lengthy legal battle between the circus and his parents over which ones had to actually keep the kid
atm actually walked into Omelas after he heard about the kid
sometimes atm likes to lay on the grass and listen to the heartbeat of the world and the world is alive and it is angry the planet is angry oh god its alive and its angry at us its heart beats like a war drum
atm wants to sniff your cunt
atm can pull a vacuum
ATM is trying to get cancelled but he's just kinda boring.
atm puts on his socks after his shoes
atm filmed himself driving 172mph while smoking crack on his way to Vegas
atm doesn't know about second breakfast
ATM got fired from the fertility clinic after telling clients "plap plap plap get pregnant get pregnant".
atm still sees your shadow in his room and it terrifies him
No matter how hard he tries, ATM never gets picked as center in his idol group( he's ugly, can't dance, and farts constantly)
If you're caught pushing ATM to the ground you can be charged with both assault and littering
ATM steals and race those electric carts from supermarkets.
atm is sitting too far away from the screen and can't read this
The 💢 emote is actually based on ATM's shithole!
ATM has caused three sick incidents with coworkers because of his egg cologne
ATM is in receivership
ATM went on tour through Italy for his YouTube channel to investigate fine Italian canoodling
ATM was seen canoodling at Chris Eisel's Halloween party.
ATM mistook a kawaii future bass song for shibuya-kei, what an idiot 🤭🤭🤭
in observance of the July 4th holiday we will be launching atm into the sky then detonating him
ATM is from a town in Brazil that's all white and everyone is a twin
Atm comes from the Latin word *atm* from the proto-indo european *atm*, meaning "atm".
atm has masculine doodies
the atm variety show drew a lot of flak for the "homo hobo" bit
atm invented a machine that makes a person on the outside who they are on the inside, when he put Jhonty through it a blonde white woman named Kayleigh who works in HR and has 2 kids and a golden retriever came out. When he fed merth through it 712 frogs came out.
atm was playing spears with his cousin and now atm has to go to some stupid and gay funeral 😦
atm was really into r/purplepilldebate back in the day
ATM at the karaoke party like: 😂pacita pacito swaba swaba cito domo mo pregabo porquita porquito 😂
ATM goes to coffee shops, orders black coffee, and stands around waiting for people to ask him what he's drinking.
merth: man I'm thirsty af fr no cap || atm, hitting the limit on how long he can hold his pee: how thirst??? 👀
atm has been going absolutely feral for a specific type of woman lately and his friends are afraid
Atm, unprompted: "did yall know a capybara's penis shoots out from behind it?"
ATM plans to pilot his stealth ship around the South China Sea, in a gay way
Atm has several assault charges after he punched people recording 4th of July fireworks shows on their phones yelling "YOURE NOT GOING TO WATCH THIS LATER"
Atm finally started having a semi-normal relationship with his ex after years of not talking and he recently texted her asking “what do you honestly think of me?” and it’s been nearly 36 hours and she hasn’t responded
atm invented capitalism
atm once got two thumbs down reacts on his post and started crying
Atm gave me an erection and I have no idea who he got it from
ATM spent 20 minutes trying to rhyme cock-and-ball-torture
ATM belches the Lord's Prayer every night before bed
ATM grilled and ate Pickle Rick.
ATM was able to channel his disdain for his wife into a daily newspaper comic.
ATM sneed mijn penis af
ATM has an oversize and overheight urinal installed in his bathroom
when little atm saw the mall santa he pointed and exclaimed "look, mommy! a cosplayer!"
atm enjoys all forms of chafing
While you were undressing, ATM noticed the chocolate stripe in your underwear, and he's even more turned on now.
Someone asked atm what his favorite male vtuber was. They now are missing an eye
Atm has been telling hundreds of women to stay hydrated every week just so he can offer them his pee
Atm smells like oats
atm does baseball stats for his local little league teams
to train his retinal muscles atm rapidly moves his eyes every night in his sleep
Atm runs a therapy office for annoying millennials called “Let’s Taco Bout It”
what atm lacks in the attic, he makes up for in the basement
atm is the lead developer on the Lot Lizard mod for American Truck Simulator
atm LOVES suqishavles
Atm is gonna cum
ATM is a big fan of horseplay (horse cosplay)
atm defrags his SSD
Ghibli ATM finna bust in that cat-bussy
atm lost his virginity inside the sewers of gg_churches
ATM was pulled over for doing 20 in a 65.
ATM tryna find a girl with that Frida Kahlo feel.
"You have viewed this page 63 times in the last 7 days" - Atm's browser on the clip from fight club where Jared Leto gets beat the fuck up
if a pokemon's move doesn't do damage, atm will unlearn it
*A ↑ ↑ ... A ↑ ↑ ...* ATM winks at you through the swinging door of the men's restroom
Atm has rancid vibes
Atm signed up for Threads on the first day
ATM is actually the biggest bully here.
atm has found kernels of corn in his poop for the past week despite not eating anything with corn in it since 1987
atm reheats food with a dutch oven
Drake has been accused of stealing ATM's flow.
Mooning his friends from the backseat of his mom's car; ATM isn't quite sure what's most upsetting, as everyone waved and cheered thinking it was Billy Corgan
Atm doesn't have main character syndrome because he knows he is this universe's Luigi
ATM actually tastes like venison.
ATM is Natasha, an underworld doctor.
atm likes his ice like he likes his women. Shaved.
ATM always announces new outfit reveal streams after he and his mom come back from the hall.
ATM tried singing Mr. Brightside to a bunch of gang members in North London, he was promptly stabbed 24 times.
Atm runs an abortion clinic for elves
atm is known as the dere deer of red deer
Atm was sent to school with random household materials everyday and told to "MacGyver" his lunch
ATM keeps telling people he's "done time in Facebook jail"
ATM keeps inventing different racial hierarchies, but he's always on top
"Life, uh, finds a gay" - Ian Malcom ATM
atm was there when the Soviets liberated the camps
atm put his fingers in my mouth
ATM just woke up from a coma but he's excited to check out the NijisanjiEN AR live and see his favorite liver, Nina Kosaka perform!
ATM:s favourite holiday is Amazon Prime day.
ATM owns a lot of napkin rings, but no napkins
"Are you sure...?" || "Yeah, they're more effective this way." says ATM || *ATM takes the Senzu Bean from his hand*
atm uses female pronouns for Russian warships
When Atm invites people over to his house he always puts on Neil Breen films and if anyone complains he kicks them out and ghosts them
ATM wears an onion in his belt. A big yellow one.
ATM gave Klee a copy of the Anarchist Cookbook and she thought it was mid.
ATM is as handsome as he is weird
ATM has more cheese than waifus
ATM’s ex only talks to him so she can make fun of him to her friends behind his back
ATM got fired from his job at Arkham Asylum when he tried to have sex with Gorilla Grodd.
ATM used house atomics to kill a house centipede
ATM thinks his problems are worse than that of the people in Ethiopia
Do NOT ask ATM if he is descended from King Solomon. He's very obnoxious about it.
the longest and most successful relationship atm's ever had has been with a videogame
Inspired by stalls selling Maine Wild Blueberries he saw on Facebook marketplace, ATM has been selling Ohio Slave Potatoes in turn
The overhead fan in ATM's bathroom is controlled by a dimmer switch
ATM's always orders a number 15 when going to sleep
Atm's venerable house, once opulent and imperial, now stands a festering testament to evil.
remind yourself that atm is a slow and insidious killer
atm put Young Sheldon in a microwave
atm founded a summer camp for children with bad and weird vibes
atm pulled out a comically large mallet and hit merth with it
ATM was kicked off his track and field team for catching too many javelins
atm is the Jared Leto Joker to merth's Harley Quinn
When ATM sees 4 guys harmonizing a  minor 7th chord he throws in a 9th or 11th to fuck things up
After shitting in the Lowes display toilet, ATM became a victim of cancel culture
Atm is an Olympic medalist at skeet shooting
For some reason atm really wish he was a bus seat in Austria today
Fat Bastard (portrayed by Mike Myers): **get in mah belly** || ATM: **get in mah shithole** || (Anal vore not anal sex)
ATM grilled and ate Mothman.
Much to his chagrin, ATM’s health problems started to go away when he got regular exercise, stayed hydrated and ate fruits and vegetables
Atm severely misunderstood the concept of a drive through McDonald’s
ATM just spent 3 days in the hole
Atm is a Leslie Knope Liberal
ATM isn't Mr Right, he's just Mr Right Now
ATM got a part of himself stuck in an ethernet crimp tool
hey guys come check this out, atm was working on his car in the driveway and it fell on him lol
atm is wanted for tax invasion
ATM only has one CD player, and it's his Sega Saturn
atm runs the night shift at Taco bell like Lowtax
ATM nearly burned down his house frying up some porkchop sandwiches
ATM was fired from this server due to hazing allegations.
ATM was kicked out of the church for idolatry(he began carrying an oyster painted blue around)
atm exclusively draws Harry Potter x Little Witch Academia art
ATM discovered a meal between breakfast and brunch
ＡＴＭはポッグではなくて、クリンジです
Atm was running with a piece of toast in his mouth and then he came around the corner and collided with merth but instead of being an anime meet cute he turned merth into a real life meat mist due to ATM’s incredible inertia
ATM drops his pants around his ankles and pisses in the urinal bare-assed
ATM recently made a full-length appearance in a video by The Hoof GP
ATM does bong rips with his high school chemistry teacher at Grateful Dead concerts.
I held a party for time travelers. ATM showed up
ATM has a Pepsona (Peppa Pig persona)
atm thinks the term bookworm refers to Dune fans
not atm twerking on christmas 😩
it was always atm's dream to become and idol but he did not expect to become the religious kind and be kept alive in silent agony while his followers committed atrocities across the universe in his name
atm was fired from his job at the aquarium when he saw a cute guy walk in and then atm stripped off his clothes and laid in the touch tank
ATM is altogether ooky
atm's sisters asked him to stop calling them by their first names because they're "not that close"
atm is dating all of the members of this server
atm was the Barry Bonds of Little League
ATM doesn't invite his girlfriend to the server because he wants to maintain the illusion that we can have sex with him
ATM calls his dad "mommy"
ATM got skunked again
ATM lives in a peepee soaked heck hole
Sorry guys. ATM is busy getting his prostate milked right now, and he can't check the server. He'll see your problematic post later.
ATM's larder is robust and well-stocked
ATM starts his morning listening to at least 8 different versions of kibun joujou ↑↑
ATM made a custom mii for Virtual Gorilla in miitopia
ATM's favorite vtuber is Virtual Gorilla and he is not allowed with 500 meters of him.
ATM can actually tell gorillas apart, even from afar.
Atm is a follower of Chris
atm gave me the virus
“Dubs are stupid, you should only watch anime in the original Japanese you fake fan” -atm, who plays Genshin Impact in Japanese
ATM just paid $20 for a plain burger, and he doesn't even get fries or a drink. He'll have to pay extra for that.
ATM was kicked out of every slightly left leaning space for beating an opossum with a hammer then cooking it.
atm has a long lost japanese twin brother who's really into family guy and south park and insists they should only be watched in the original english dub
ATM knew his life had peaked when his black friends started referring to him as "White Chocolate"
The top of ATM’s hierarchy of needs is 4 raccoons and a gun
ATM is the Lebron James of ranting about how skull shape determines intellect
ATM is addicted to BBC! He can't stop watching Doctor Who.
ATM is a minority owner of the "Brownies and Downies" franchise.
ATM has never been to oovoo javer
atm publicly: "I love nature and the environment!" || atm privately: "I just beat 6 owls to death with a rake"
ATM's describes himself as "super straight" on dating profiles
ATM end-of-the-movie-Pi'd himself
ATM put me in the device
Someone come pick ATM up. He's ordering Negronis, but he keeps mispronouncing it.
The focus group lied to ATM. His new catchphrase "women be swimmin" is not "cool", "hip", or "with it"
Atm has a secret 2nd family
Atm joined up when he heard the Germans had started bombing London
atm had surgery to reduce his nipple size
ATM thought "garlic knots" was the name of an Italian furry.
Atm: “hey guys, I know you’re all my friends and I could really use your support right now. I just found I’m being cheated on by” *borat voice* “my wife”
Apparently, you can get banned if you post  || " @ℒℯ 『inugatme korone』 get in here and jerk this nigga off with your feet"
Merth's trail cam captured proof that ATM has been stalking around Ohio and associating with skunks
ATM is holding a ska concert in merth's backyard called "Skanking with Skunks"
atm is the only white boy daggering this side of Kingston
Atm is actually always online and posting, just not here
ATM bought the Robert E Lee statue to put in his front yard.
ATM just saw a bridal group wearing matching Harry Potter and Friends themed shirts and his he's VERY horny.
atm looks like a well-bred rich girl
atm is VERY active in another server that he intentionally hasn't invited any of us to
Spencer grilled and ate ATM
ATM is 87 and still doesn't know what he wants to do when he grows up
ATM is a majority investor in Major League Cricket.
*Merth held his sneakers at arm's length as they dripped onto the floor* || "Oopsie, I thought you said shoeglaze!" -ATM, sticking out his tongue and tilting his head with a light bonk of his fist
ATM is the source of the glue they use on the paper of McDonald's cones
"lightning doesn't strike twice!" -atm, electrocuting nerfgunner a third time
*merth walking into a room and seeing a blood-saoked atm surrounded by bodies* || **Merth**: "Oh my god what did you do?!" || **atm**: killed em, was you or them and I gotta protect whats mine || **Merth**: "You can't just kill people! Life is a sacred and must be preserved, you can't just stoop to this level of violence you have to be better!" || **atm**: you live a privileged life where you can see such nuances, where you're never confronted with with these kinds of dark choices, these kinds of necessities. You're confronted with the cost of that privilege for the first time, you have to lay eyes on the necessity that affords you the ability to choose. || **Merth**: "I can't just accept that, there must've been another way!" || **atm**: there wasn't. *puts gun against his head* if you pick up that gun and shoot me you'll probably stop me from shooting myself, you can preserve this life you find so precious or you can do nothing and betray your principles by failing to prevent death || **Merth**: "I can't do that! I abhor violence!" || **atm**: well thats just how it is in this bitch of a world *pulls trigger*
ATM's got a lot of chutzpah
atm hit merth with the ol razzle dazzle (his '97 Honda Civic)
ATM grilled and ate Connor's bike
atm thinks a blunt rotation is when you put the other end in your mouth
atm sure does look at a lot of naked ladies on the internet
atm is unbalanced in a way characteristic of a kid who had sex during puberty
atm forgot to lock his door last night and they got in
Atm: tfw no autistic tgirl to breed me with her girlcock  || Everyone: who the fuck talks like that, you absolute weirdo what is wrong with you?
Atm is the silliest baker he loves to make all sorts of wacky pies
ATM wakes up every morning and googles "penussy near me"
ATM got me a 3-in-1 sealant scraper for my birthday
Like many Americans, atm never knew any Jewish people growing up. Luckily he’s seen every episode of South Park as it aired!
every woman is atm
atm is yuri geller
ATM grilled and ate phat's magsack
atm is such a fucking oog
ATM is sponsored by Dove soap and if you're dissatisfied with the product he will eat it in front of you
can u smell what atm is cooking || yes || he's boiling his own shit
atm loves his friends as much as he loves his kids
atm's house is haunted with the ghost of a writer from New England
atm was hospitalized after attempting a tongue twister
atm has incredible testicles
atm has been commissioning artists to draw his perfect waifu and with every iteration, she looks more and more like Kamala Harris
atm is a Great Molasses Flood truther
ATM's roommate walked in on him making out with his tapeworm on the couch
You need a prescription for ATM
Do NOT Ask ATM his opinion on anything.
ATM likes to eat raw eggs with the skin on.
atm eats big macs with the shell on
Atm always revisits public bathrooms he's used in order to make sure no one has overpowered his smells yet
ATM fucked family guy
ATM sounds like a guy who listens to snoop dogg and eats fried chicken.
Atm ranks every movie he sees on two separate scales: with feet and without feet
atm invented a "zip-line noose"
ATM invented the zipper merge, but Ohioans still haven't figured out how to use it
ATM's girlfriend bought him a randoseru, I wonder what she meant by that
ATM is the main poster in /choc/
ATM does NPC live streaming where he just says "I'm gay" over and over again
atm found the country for old men
ATM is easily hypnotized by swirling eyes causing him to kiss feet
ATM invented a new sex act where getting gangbanged by samurai is called "Shinshen-cummy"
ATM starred in Kung Fu porn flicks under the name "Wong Gay Dong"
In an ironic twist of fate, ATM was beaten to death with a hammer.
Atm's motif is a wet, hot fart
Atm didn't do his chores and it's burning trash day 😲
ATM invented a new form of martial arts, it's like shadowboxing but for jacking off.
ATM is that one American dude in every Kung Fu movie.
atm and merth in unison: "I fucking love science!" || phat: "which science?" || atm: "Race!" || merth: "Immortal!" || atm and merth look at each other: "wait what?"
You can sense ATM approaching like an oncoming sneeze
ATM learned English by watching Family Guy and speaks like Peter Griffin
ATM had a rough transition to 3D
ATM wears a top hat and expects you to wear a bottom hat
atm wrote a porn parody of A Farewell to Arms called Goodbye Women, I'm Banging Men Only Now
atm's breakfast was just 3 beers
atm's Halloween costume is "sexy war orphan"
There's are 4 species endemic to ATM's car backseat
atm tried McDonald's in every country he's been in because his fat ass can't live one day without fast food
atm's anal beads go from peppecorn size to basketball size
atm's ideal type is short with huge boobs
atm takes big shits
atm is the George HW Bush of vomiting on heads of state
atm has high poison resistance
ATM paid 80 bucks for a live2D concert.
atm perished on the climb (they built a memorial dedicated to him)
ATM is the product of his parent's inability to choose between a gay son and a thot daughter
atm has a divx watermark on his asscheek
Atm is a simp for Gutenberg
atm keeps talking about his "clean run" on "choco mountain"
ATM somehow grilled and ate Optimus Prime.
"Yeah baby I got ADHD, A Damn Hard Dick!" - ATM getting kicked out of the 6th club of the night.
Comrade ATM makes Stalin look like an anarchist
lately atm has been obsessing over the chirality of paperclips
they call atm Mr. Far Left because he has no visitation rights with his kids
atm always uses toilets in his dreams
atm lit merth on fire
ATM expects everyone to celebrate his birth month
Atm gave the mayor gonorrhea
Atm works night security at a ventriloquist dummy factory
atm forgor 💀
Atm is a dork
ATM got Graped in the mouth
ATM thinks he's special but he's not, he's nothing but a thot, I fucked his mommy for a laugh (she wasn't hot)
ATM uses LinkedIn as a dating site
atm keeps referring to his girlfriend's ass with various feces-related words and she thinks it's fucking gross
atm was an EVIL child
ATM absolutely BEGGING for a sludgejob like 😢 🥺 🥺 🥺
that pink coyote got atm bricked up
*atm stubbing his toe* "GAYWAD!" || atm's son: "Yes, papa?" || atm: "not you Gaywad, I just use your name instead of saying 'son of a bitch' cuz your mom is a gigantic bitch" || Gaywad: "I wish you didn't have visitation rights"
when times are tought and it feels like the whole world is against him, atm doesn't relax and let himself get crushed, he doubles his efforts and pushes back
"I have high poison resistance" -atm, opening a 14th beer
ATM has debuted his Idol song, "Stinky Smelly Story"!
atm's favorite car is a bus
*atm and merth having sex* || **merth**: oh god oh god oh god || **atm**: theres no god here fucko || **merth**: Albert Camus once said, yes I read philosophy because I'm just so much smarter than you you stupid idiot, anyway Albert Camus once said 'I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live as if there isn't and to die to find out that there is' so I think you should rethink that last statement big boy || **atm**: oh yeah well I just Al-splurt Came-in-your-ass
Atm quotes the boondocks regularly and it's making people uncomfortable
atm kabedon'd goggledog with his penis
ATM is 102% black with a 2% margin of error.
When ATM was a bird in a past life he ran into windows frequently and now it's his fetish
ATM mains Olimar in Smash Bros
ATM is a noticer. He notices things, and there's nothing wrong with that.
protect your meat, atm is in heat
atm is the most cringe thing imaginable, a heterosexual male bottom
ATM gets by on his good looks and never developed a personality
atm is a fool who got snuck in an apricot with the peaches he bought
*atm walking in with a black guy* "ok I found a- oh jeez you said 'digger'"
atm has been doing some hecking cool polandball comics about le palestineball being tsundere as fuck while she's getting bombed by israelball
atm says he's a Gryffindor, but he acts more like a Hufflepuff
Atm is tired and thirsty all the time and has been peeing frequently lately
Atm: “I love lathes!” || Atm, 2 days later: “I no longer have genitals”
ATM is a big Brolic black dude named Requis
Atm and his lower half are legally separated
Atm writes himself a prescription every time he steals ketamine
ATM broke up with his girlfriend because of her vertical anus
ATM composed a 3 hour tuba trio called "Do You Ever Have Trouble Getting the Poop Off of Your Taint"
ATM's asshole has a load balancer installed
ATM wrote a song that goes "ABC, 1 2 3, that girl wore her jeans like me, I guess she's mad, 'cause I look fab, hahahaha, jack my swag, sticks and stones may break my bones, but mine look new and hers just look so o-o-old, so o-o-old"
ATM spent his tax money on a helicopter rental so he could take a shit over merth's house
ATM is in trouble for a scheme where he tried to get endless cash back on his credit card by getting credits for paying it off
ATM's greatest achievement is coming up with "I know you are, but what am I?"
ATM wipes back-to-front
atm misses his wife but hopefully accounting for the wind will fix that
ATM went to Dictionopolis and bought a bag of pronouns. He also fucked the Humbug.
Growing up, ATM called the Deku Tree the Dookie Tree
atm: "hey are the Japanese still weird about tattoos?" || phat: "nah there are plenty of baths and stuff that are ok with most tattoos and shit now, especially in places Western tourists go" || atm: "So this will be ok?" *lifts shirt to show large chest tattoo depicting the atomic bombing of Nagasaki with General Macarthur saying 'this is for the atrocities in China and Korean comfort women!'* || phat: "idk bout that one friendo"
"Hard boys birth strong men. Strong men birth good boys. Good boys birth weak men. And, weak men birth hard boys." - atm, quoting someone
For heroes, there are trials. For saints, there are temptations. For ATM, there are urinals.
Atm hasn't had sex in over 3 hours
ATM tried that in a small town
ATM created a DOOM mod where you play as Ben Garrison shooting feminazis and thugs
ATM has been really getting into NewJeans lately.
Atm is the dumbest fucking asshole alive and he can’t wait to celebrate his 10 year anniversary as the head of his company’s HR team
"my pendulum definitely swings both ways" - atm
ATM is Working For The Weekend (edging Wednesday-Friday)
atm isn't making meaningful contributions to his retirement funds, because he plans on dying in the climate wars
Atm is stockpiling explosives to sever Florida's connection to North America
atm's specialty is medium-rare chicken strips
ATM's dingleberries have dingleberries
Atm just got cancelled on Twitter
Yeah, ATM is a sir || Sir-cumcised😤
atm speaks in katakana
ATM teabagged merth in front of phat
Atm didn’t fight the redcoats just so he’d have to stop at red lights!
ATM hit the 1k mark for physical copies of ET for the Atari
atm pronounces every word with "oo" in the middle the same
atm puts the eg in SEGA (he put eggs in his SEGA)
ATM's balls are a stop on the Underground Railroad
atm was 17 years old when he finally learned he'd never be pregnant
atm can tongue his own shithole
ATM killed the funny.
ATM is like a worm from Tremors but instead of eating people he bursts from the ground to tongue their shitholes
ATM is a worm who's anxious in social situations, he's a shy hulud.
ATM is a bara man stuck in a femboy body.
ATM really misinterpreted the term "eating ass" after he grilled and ate a donkey.
ATM is fully immersion cooled (takes long baths in mineral oil)
ATM is an idiot (affectionate)
ATM is an idiot (derogatory)
atm is affectionate (derogatory)
Atm is getting really involved and passionate about putting up goatse in HD on reddit's r/place
hickory dickory dock, atm kicked merth in the cock
ATM is buried up to his ass in dick
ATM opens the door for the NHK man.
ATM hates the facts you write
atm likes his eggs like he likes his women, extra large white
atm: "I have an erection" || *falafels walking into the room*: "shrunka frunka dee! Gabooba wubba!" || atm: "I no longer have an erection"
*atm crawling up to merth*: "hnnnng I'm a sinner and I need you to pee on me to wash away my sins" || merth: "No way what the FUCK" || nerfgunner: "you're just gonna condemn him to Hell!?"
atm is a poop sommelier
ATM kins Lord Fermento
ATM is a Soros-funded deep state actor, implementing Marxist globo-homo policies in the classroom
ATM wants to tongue Lord Fermento's blowhole
Atm does real-life Pencil Sharpener Simulator speed runs
Woman: \*wears provocative clothing* || ATM (screeching): REPENT, ***WHORE!!!!!***
ATM is known in China as Deer Xing
ATM is the only known example of a silicone-based lifeform
ATM stabbed a man with a cheeseburger so he couldn't get into the lord's kingdom
At parent-teacher conferences, ATM calls the parents "mommy" and "daddy"
ATM thinks tan tomboy Lois Lane is mid
ATM is bill ehh
ATM is weirdly loved and accepted in Nigerian circles.
The ATM days are over
ATM has been really into necrografting lately
atm produced an adaptation of Fiddler On The Roof about the struggles of being a real man in an increasingly feminized world, critics called it "terrible" and "incredibly homoerotic"
ATM thought Meadowlark Lemon was a vtuber.
ATM eats Cinnamon Life Cereal for every meal
Atm drinks specifically for the hangover
Atm is really horny rn, is your hole available?
ATM worked on a Guillermo del Toro movie when he was living in California. He had a Pacific Rim Job.
atm's dick cage is fitted desert style
ATM gives great oral. No, “great” doesn’t do it justice. Everyone he's ever sucked off considers him the best oral they’ve ever received. They talk about their nights together and stare off wistfully into the distance for a few moments before coming back to Earth. They write about their hookups in diaries. If they didn’t have a diary before, they go out and get one. He is a true master of his craft.
In a past life, ATM was a farmer called Amongus Ohiofeet.
atm was disappointed to learn that Waffle House uses seed oils and not ghee or beef tallow
atm calls shotgun all the time, but she doesn't pick up
ATM thought "Mass of The Fermenting Dregs" was another insane thing falafels made up.
Merth installed a trail cam in ATM's lower intestine
atm plays a mean meat horn
Nope atm didn't remove his ribs to suck himself off
atm thinks a lot about being the middle person in a human centipede
atm derives pleasure from the suffering of others
atm integrates suffering from the pleasure of others
atm is...a little gay
atm low-key wants to get someone pregnant rn
if you ask nicely, atm will put on a maid outfit and clean your home
Atm doesn't bother to learn the names of hit songs. On another note, his favorite songs are "It Ain't Me" and "I Get Knocked Down, But I Get Up Again"
atm invented a version of goggledog thats actually fun to be around named gogglefrog
atm hates whimsy
atm enforces toxic masculinity
atm is sex negative and a SWERF
atm is a big doodoo head meanie
Atm's family describes him as "faggy"
ATM spent 10 years in Silence, Ohio
atm is like, super cute? fr fr I just don't know how to act around him
atm is crawling in your skin
Atm's been nothing but gay to me for the last 11 years
The real ATM was the friends we made along the way
Atm has an elevated fart rate
ATM's fur has to be brushed 7 times a day.  Otherwise it will mat in the form of the exact tiem of JFK's death.
ATM got it right and got it tight.
atm robbed a pharmacy of all their allergy meds at gunpoint
Atm keeps sneaking into frito lay board meetings to suggest Flamin Hot Suppositories
atm is gonna need to see you again but lose the pants this time, ok?
"so, it's my first run and naturally I'm in front. just my luck, right? so we start running and I slip my pants off and let out the biggest, nastiest, and wettest shit you've ever seen. the guys behind me start screaming but not like they can stop running. I keep shitting, they keep getting covered in shit. anyway after that everyone made sure I only ran the back" -atm, veteran bridgerunner, circa 1173
Call atm “daddy” cuz he just married your mom
ATM wants a double whopper with no cheese
atm loves being the center of attention so lets all surround him and stare at him!
atm still has anxiety dreams about the time he cheated on a math test in 5th grade
ATM just dressed your salad
atm is going Benny Hill off the Benadryl
ATM has an Irish flag with the Guinness logo on it.
atm just slopped a hole wicked-style
Atm really misinterpreted what someone meant when they said"slob on my knob"
It's ATM's time of the month, you know what that means! The red cap goes on, the middle fingers go up; Keep on rollin' partner.
atm: I'm gonna go jake off || atm: *jack || merth: jake || phat: jake || nerfgunner: jake || *lrobie has changed the groupchat name to Jaking Off General*
ATM reads xkcd every day
atm will give you head just don't ask too many questions about how he got it
atm is pacing outside merth's house holding a hammer and incoherently ranting
atm: "please stop sending me horny men" || Jesus: "but you are my gayest soldier"
Atm is the 2005 of people
ATM dated a teenager at some point in his life and that's problematic :/
ATM is a dog groomer
ATM is an antiwaxer
ATM killed a man to make you love him
ATM grilled and ate Marcos.
atm once robbed a bank with a canon
Atm's superposition is periodic
"ready to get my cavities filled!" -atm, shorly before being arrested for goatseing the dentist
"atm would never quote himself" -atm
"Dumbass: Rosemi-sama || ATM: Wozengly 🅱️ama" || \- ATM
atm's pronouns are atashi/them/me
come here, atm wants to do stuff to your butt
atm wants a girlfriend that'll treat him like a dog, specifically a dog thats elderly and has been at the shelter for a long time
atm has a short skirt and a looooooooooooooong penis
atm has several additional testicles on his person
All of Atm's belongings fit in the back of a 2006 Corolla
ATM calls black people Zumba as a racial slur
atm drinks the oil out of merth's car
atm stole merth's sunshine
I met ATM in the London sewers, and he said unto me: "If you have a sister around your age and you never, even once, had a lewd thought involving her then youre either lying to yourself or gay."
atm will fuck pretty much anything with a pulse
ATM invented joycon drift
atm's kinda Hitlery
ATM taped boomerangs to all the israeli missiles so that in the end it all comes back to Israel
ATM jumped off a bridge because all his friends did
ATM gave his bitch boy a shock collar, then he activated it while getting head 💀
The only part of atm's bed that touched a wall is the foot of the bed.
atm huffs wd-40
"Hard times create hard men" - atm, unprompted at the Krispy Kreme
Atm celebrated his coming out anniversary with a huge birthgay party
If you ask nicely, ATM will put some extra stank on it
Yeah, ATM has bud😏 || Burning || Uncontrollable || Diarrhea
The traditional character for ATM takes 69 strokes to write
ATM summons the Blue Eyes Abyss Dragon, has sex with it and ends his turn.
ATM's favorite summer song is Shojo Rei.
atm and his husband are in an open relationship! Neither of them are aware of this fact
atm has, in fact, seen such a liar
Atm keeps putting the “loli I want to microwave” tag on art on pixiv
Atm grilled and ate Adolf Hitler
ATM used to have a saying, "shoot 'em all and let God sort it out". Unfortunately, one day he put his theory into practice. It took 75 federal marshalls to take him down.
atm's blood actually sprays out like that
ATM is lemon scented
atm puts the "ass" in "massacre"
atm is like, so fucked up in the head man you don't even know
ATM shot and killed merth.
ATM has the correct opinion that Shark Tale is better than Finding Nemo.
ATM always works hard (he has pirapism and it constantly hurts)
Atm is the Baltimore of sex, awesome and full of crabs
“Looking for the nail to my hammer” -the note atm scrawled on a piece of paper that he tied to a brick and threw through merth’s window
Atm uses the word "climax" a little too much
atm has been utilizing the summer sunlight to bleach his ass hair for free
atm is the Idi Amin of nonsensical comparisons
atm's gf: "we need to talk" || *atm turns into a potato and rolls away*
Atm thinks anisong is jar jar binks covers of pop music
ATM cannot shoot fish in a barrel.
ATM goes to reddit meetups to pick up loose women.
"This is the skin of a killer, Bella" -atm, handing you a fresh and still dripping human pelt
You earn two stars for every dollar when you pay using your ATM
atm used harden and it was super effective, it gave me extra pp, and then I caught 'em all
ATM gets Higuchi Kaede and Deron Williams mixed up all the time.
Draymond meant to send his dick pic to Atm but accidentally posted it on his story instead
if you beat atm hard enough he'll tell you where to find a thicc elf gf that loves you
ATM committed fermenticide
atm wore his "don't be mean to me, I'll cum" shirt to his intervention
The Voros twins both confessed to ATM, he told the right one to not talk to him, then he fucked the left one in front of the right one
ATM has maitetsu merch, sus!!!!!!
women are atm's favorite guy
Atm's adult beef is swollen
ATM is only into Uma Musume for the music.
ATM wears kuma-san panty
ATM is your treasure box.
Atm's butt is full of farts
ATM worked for the LAPD in 1991.
ATM went back in time to teach Huey Newton the Wakanda Forever salute.
atm once fucked a hog in a Huey over Khe Sanh
atm served (cunt) in Vietnam (in 2003)
ATM sends slurs to recuiters on linkedin.
"THE BRITISH ARE COMING THE BRITISH ARE COMING" -atm, in front of a london brothel
Atm thought he had beat his heroine addiction but he relapsed and watched sailor moon
ATM spends an hour each morning doing his makeup, mostly to downplay his enormous schnoz
ATM calls monogamous people "muggles"
ATM’s job on the anarchist compound would be hot dog cart vendor
ATM had his penis microchipped because it kept running away
"You KNOW it smell crazy in there" -atm, watching the coroner wheel a gurney out of his reclusive neighbor's house
atm often eats 20 eggs for dinner.
atm is having trouble sleeping
bae caught atm slippin
atm's blood sugar and BAC is so high that his blood is technically a cocktail
atm owns a suspiciously red woodchipper
atm pickled and ate cumjhonty
atm got really embarassed when he realized he started calling charles manson sensei instead of senpai
atm wants to combine his boy pole with your girl hole
Atm created a candle scent out of his midsummer swamp ass
Atm never shuts the fuck up about macross (he's never watched it)
atm's childhood crush is the Kobold Foreman neutral creep in dota
ATM tells people they're dehydrated
ATM is a homobeggar
ATM voted to indict trump
atm violated my 17th amendment rights
atm's abs hurt, can he lick yours?
There is no justice in this world, only atm
ATM’s last message before leaving the server just now was Fallout Boy lyrics
ATM is a convicted felon
Atm's super power is gun
ATM created this community to find friends that would help him find his triple-point
Atm paid $5000 for a Peter Griffin impersonator to officiate his wedding
atm has a neck that is delightful, and must not be covered
ATM says birds aren't real any time someone talks about birds
ATM thought you was a horny toad
ATM is a weeabo apologist
ATM’s got an ass full of pop rocks
ATM is only gay during a full moon
ATM is still a virgin (he's never had PIV)
ATM's got a glass full of poop rocks
Atm lost his virginity to a sounding rod
ATM uses exception throwing as control flow
ATM is a room temperature super conductor
ATM's favorite movie is Sesevenen and his favorite singer is Kedollarha
ATM draws giantess art where only the feet are gigantic
Atm hands you a knife “I want you to kill me” || *what? I can’t kill you you’re my best friend!* || “It’s ok, that’s why I want you to do it, because you’ve seen my pain. I’m ready to die, release me from this prison” || *how can I ever be absolved of such great a sin?* || “It’s ok I absolve you, now kill me for I am ready to die” || *you raise the knife and point it at his chest, he spreads his arms wide and closes his eyes. There’s a slight smile on his face like he’s at peace. You bring the knife down with purpose and suddenly find yourself facing away from atm, your hands are empty and you feel pressure in your back and your heart struggles to beat* || ATM’s disarmed you and stabbed you in the back. As the blood drains out of you and you grow cold he leans in close and says in a Borat voice “…NOT”
ATM is in the corner, watching you kiss her (he's a creep)
ATM thinks Harmony Gold gatekeeping Macross from the west for over 30 years is a good thing.
ATM’s faith (Scientology) is very important to him so please respect it
ATM discovered ectoplasm
Please be patient with atm, he is currently detoxing from his long Homestuck addiction
Atm walked down the aisle to Limp Bizkit’s “Break Stuff”
atm's an unapologetic hooligan
ATM prays to white God, white Jesus, and the white Holy Spirit
Atm wants to put Hatsune Miku in the microwave
atm is a huge fan of ass (his dream is to see them live one day)
atm is a true facker
Atm is the Applebees of friendship
ATM surgically removed my butthole
ATM ricked all over me
ATM is a shit eater, he loves eating shit (human feces)
ATM spent his birthday in a blue room, with a bag of gumdrops.
ATM voted yes on issue 1
ATM FINGERED HIS WIENER HOLE AND HIS FINGER GOT STUCK SO NOW HE'S DRINKING A TON OF WATER AND COFFEE IN THE HOPES HE CAN BUILD UP ENOUGH URINE PRESSURE TO BLAST HIS FINGER OUT AND THE LOCAL NEWS IS HERE AND THEY'RE ON HOUR 7 OF CONTINUOUS COVERAGE
Atm just took off his pants
Atm got super high last night and woke up in Italy
atm did a poo-poo in merth's butt
atm fucked merth in the butt
atm did one of those things where you can ask people to anonymously tell you how they feel about you and everyone told him how gay he was
atm does heroin professionally
atm is the Dr. House of roofing
Atm writes elaborate romantic fanfic of his friends and family
*atm standing on the edge of the train platform* "well, looks like this is the end of the line for me. I tried so hard to keep going but I'm tired man, so I guess this is goodbye" || Merth: "No atm don't! You still have so much to live for! Please I can't just watch you kill yourself please think of me!" || atm: "What? No you fucking idiot, we've been walking all day and I'm tired and this time of day metro turns some trains around at this station. I'm going home, not killing myself!"
Atm doesn't let guests connect to his wifi before he assigns them a static DHCP reservation
Atm drinks beer from the bottle with a straw
if heaven and hell decide that they both are satisified and illuminate the "no"s on their vacancy signs atm will hit you with his car
atm lubed up merth and launched him down a hallway like a curling stone
atm grilled and ate merth
atm is no longer with us (he went to bed)
ATM has been dabbling in urinomancy
Atm actually told me he likes us just not you
Atm puts devil’s lettuce on his sandwich instead of normal lettuce
Atm just bought a jet ski! Hell yeah!
ATM eats wet cement
Atm is a practicing shintoist
Whenever ATM thinks an argument isn't worth having, he simply cums in the mouth of his adversary and leaves
Oakley branding was modeled after ATM
ATM is mesugaki-coded
ATM is coprophagic
ATM is a licensed hole expander
"It takes a room temperature IQ to make a room temperature superconductor" -atm, actually making a working and stable room temp superconductor
atm is in one of those bands with 20 members
atm's doctor cyberbullies him via MyChart
atm is so racist he makes Winston Churchill look woke
atm has so many anime figures that the toxic out-gassing from the PVC is making him insane
atm's girlfriend had to fight atm's evil exes and she was not expecting Hitler
atm ate a pound of raw bacon and got a tapeworm
atm asked his mom if he could have sloppy seconds on sloppy joe night
ATM calls it "environmental storytelling" but it's just him throwing literal shit at the walls.
ATM failed Women's Studies despite his love for bitches.
ATM doesn't clear his orbit
ATM doesn't believe in you
ATM makes a screeching noise when you hit him with a hammer
ATM makes a squelching noise when you stab him
atm gave me a sloppenheimer during a midnight showing of Barbie
"A wicked wind this way blows" -nerfgunner, standing downwind of atm on bean night
atm just vomited up a gun
atm has a cybernetic shithole
ATM is hard of cock and soft of heart
Atm thinks sliding into DMs just means lubing up a finger and going to town on the game master for his DnD session
atm could take 20 elves
atm has a heart of gold (his continued survival baffles scientists around the world)
atm owns a Texas-themed strip club in Suttgart, Germany called "The Republic of Sexas"
atm's fantasy setting has way too many goblins, just absolutely overrun with goblins
atm goblin'd on my dragon until I slimed
"I don't get it. when do they go into the vtub?" -atm, watching vtubers
ATM is the Virat Kohli of Missouri Cricket.
Atm wrote and directed a spinoff of Hot Tub Time Machine with vtubers
atm looks like one of those rap guy's girlfriends
atm's anaconda don't want none unless you've got buns, hun (his pet snake loves pastries)
atm always appends "for men" to every Amazon search
Flights to atm are cheap, but flights from ATM are impossibly expensive
Atm sleeps in a ball pit filled with desiccant
atm is available instantly
Atm is in touch with his man moon and bleeds once a month
"I can't believe that WHORE collabed with a male! She is not my oshi anymore." - ATM on his mom.
you nap to get some rest; atm naps for temporary release from the suffering that is living
atm styles his "epic beard" with beard sludge
ATM placed his order for his Tesla truck in 2019 and is still waiting
atm's heartbeat sounds like a high school ska band
Atm is suffering
Atm is pushing for Prager U to be taught in his classroom so he can put his printed out PhD in Incomprehensible Diagrams to use
ATM had a really sweaty cry in the teachers' lounge
ATM is processed in the thigh pads
ATM gets scared over any minor abstraction in music.
ATM is hiding all the PNGs and wants you to tickle him until he gives up their location
atm has updated the pronouns in his bio to v2.1
atm actually just looks like that
atm is as ugly on the outside as he is on the inside (he got turned inside out in a wacky lathe accident)
ATM collects artisanal tough leather female underwear
ATM is a self-help grifter on twitter
atm runs a therapy office for Gen X called "Nirvana" that only prescribes Nirvana-themed medication and procedures
At first ,ATM was like "Datte boku wa hoshi dakara" but in reality he's "Sou da boku wa hoshi datta".
atm has gone to a better place (anywhere thats not Missouri, seriously he's a slave at a ship-breaking yard in Bangladesh right now and its still an improvement over Missouri)
atm has syphilis
atm's carotid artery is clogged with cum
ATM has truly noxious farts.
legend says that atm sleeps in the basement
ATM is unfalsifiable
Atm is a unicorn novelite
ATM was mauled to death by Fuwamoco.
legend says atm's next album will be called "chewing you softly"
ATM actually plays Blue Archive.
"It's not the size of the hammer, it's the nail you're throwing it at" -ATM
this is the story of atm, who pissed a river and drowned the whole world
atm gave himself bangs
ATM has ghosts in his blood
atm has anal ghosts
Atm thought temple of doom was a realistic depiction of India
atm keeps typing AYO????? whenever he hears the word meat
Atm doesn't support IPv6
Atm mapped his phone face recognition to his ass
Atm owns a hogwhistle
ATM suffers COPD and loves authority
legend says that atm always farts in the direction of mecca
atm is a disaffected youth
atm had a mid life crisis when he realized he lived in Missouri
Yup, atm had that dream again, the one where all the skeletons walk out of the darkness and surround him while chanting in one singular voice "SEPTEMBER 7TH 2023" and as they press in on him they start grabbing him and tearing at his flesh and the pain is real which is odd for a dream. Anyway, he's had that same dream every night for the last 2 weeks. Still getting a restful 8 hours a night though.
The ATM on the bus shit himself
atm's high school actually had a home ec class
In the stories atm reads the lonely and depressed main character always gets saved by some magical being or the people around them. They find meaning and happiness and love simply by being themselves and because someone else reaches out to lift them up but the reality is that never happens. Atm lives at the bottom of a pit who’s walls grow taller as he stares at them. He doesn’t have the energy to reach out and nobody is reaching down because frankly he’s burned too many bridges and most people don’t have the capacity or interest to even check if he needs it. What will happen to atm? Find out next week for the exciting conclusion!
Atm turns off his body cam before walking into the bathroom
ATM creampied the Dnepr
ATM's favorite song is "Fireflies" by Owl City.
*atm walking into the room with a cantaloupe and a dog*: "Hey merth how are you doing?" || merth: I'm fine, thanks for asking! || atm: "good good, thats good that you're feeling fine" || merth: 😐 || atm: "yep sure is good to ask your friends how they're feeling yep yep" || merth: I can see the cantaloupe and the dog, I'm not asking you how you're feeling || atm: ☹️
Atm has an alarm set up for his 2am twerking sessions
Atm irons his jeans
legend says atm is a tiny boy piloting a gundam made of man
Atm designed the Vermont maple syrup logo
Finally after 15 years hard at work, atm finally has his outline done for his groundbreaking graphic novel idea. In it he asks the question that's never been answered: what if superman but he was evil
Atm claims he can draw a bicycle from memory
Atm just came out and you’ll never guess as what!
My asshole is itchy. For more info ask ATM
atm is aggressively french
atm's anime archetype is the anime girl thats always drunk
all of atm's cats have arthritis and it breaks his heart
atm called me a geek
Did you know? In Japan ATM2 is actually called Doki Doki Penis
atm has 128kb of ram and a display resolution of 320x200
atm has funky-shaped irises like in an anime and they give him the power of bad eyesight
Atm spent more than half of his annual earnings getting Doordash from Hooters because he can't stand the sight of femoids but loves their food
ATM has a really gross handshake
ATM is 5'4"
atm kicks with his hands and puches with his feet
Atm still uses outdated definitions for words like "boner" and "queer"
nerfgunner just jumped over atm with a jet ski and whats the word for having the top half of one's head sheered off?
atm works nights at the morgue in a small town and talks to the corpses because its not really that busy of a job and he rarely interacts with a living person so really those corpses are his only friends, the most human interaction he ever gets. A sad and dark life, one that will surely end with the day shift looking down at him on that table and saying "really never knew the guy very well, did we?"
ATM as a bond villain be like "Talk? No, Mr Bond, I expect you to have hot gay sex with me."
ATM calls the principal "mom".
ATM doesn't wear underwear
ATM has several extra nipples that aren't along his nipple lines
ATM does cocaine
ATM cares a lot about race
atm thinks "I thought it was a bug!" is a reasonable excuse for eating a stick
Call 1800-rent-a-atm in the next 30 minutes and get a free bucket of screave AND an extra day at half the cost for your next atm rental
atm's glass elements have erectile dysfunction
ATM uses the Dr who wiki to look up all real life facts
Atm finally googled his job title after 20 years of reviewing chickens for the Iowa Weekly Ag Reporter and now all those emails he gets make a lot more sense
Ever since ATM had sex with your mom, it burns when he pees.
The horngus of the dongatm is attached by a scungle to a kind of dillsack (the nutte sac). [77]
ATM spearheaded the campaign to introduce gay and straight segregated water fountains to his local school
Atm just sent me a fax and it says that you’re cringe
atm started his shit in media res (he didn't quite make it to the bathroom in time)
atm has a solution to male loneliness, its conscription.
ATM went beyond the dark portal and killed Gul'Dan
atm must construct additional pylons
Atm always sends two letters at the same time. He's trying to combat mail loneliness
ATM is upset that his favorite pool in Shinjuku is constantly rented out and he has no idea why.
ATM's product is psychoactive
ATM is exceeded his 500mA fast blow rating when he took on a 300A load at 1kV
atm paid $60 for a shithole expansion from a dwarf in a back alley on guadeloupe
don't forget to DM atm pictures of your penis, both erect and flaccid, so he can inspect them!
ATM is very tired please be nice
atm sent a box of costumes to merth and told him to put them on or perish
atm is cursed with knowledge (he microwaved a hard drive)
ATM is a little country (he says "thurr" instead of "there")
The night after graduating of free tuition, courtesy McDonald's employment, ATM awoke with the tramp stamp "McDouble"
Atm never pees after sex because he peed a lot during sex
"i would give both of my legs just to be able to cum in [goth Fauna's] shithole once" || \- ATM
ATM has bad posture
atm is a holobrony
Atm is responsible for flooding the TF2 server browser with hundreds of servers running variations of the map "dm_ponyville"
ATM thinks that because The in french is Le, the french words for their, they're, and there are leir, ley're, and lere respectively
ATM doesn't use shampoo. He uses only real poo for his hair.
ATM is getting zooted on a school night.
Atm thinks high speed rail is fucking in a moving car
ATM was born with sin (he's french)
atm was a problem child
Shiranui Flare: "Smile and go 🙂" || ATM: "Kys and go 🫵"
atm hasn't done a self-exam of his testicles in awhile and he's gonna regret that
Atm ain't flightless that mf fly as hell
ATM has gone woke
ATM knows how to read, but chooses not to
ATM tried using fermentasludge as lube for jacking off and got acid burns on his dick
Atm turned 30 and he went to the hospital for a checkup and he had to do a prostate exam and the name of the doctor doing the prostate exam was doctor omegasex
ATM is a bishounen
ATM claims to be progressive but looks down on fat people
It's time for the daily ATM misunderstandings corner! Today ATM is apologizing to the NAACP for the fifth time this week.
atm smells like eggs
ATM made an atm fact so powerful it became sentient and that's what controls ShockBot
Atm just bought a podcast microphone
I think ATM might be gay. Why? Because he blows dudes.
ATM followed Ratatat on their 2015 Magnifique tour and shit in every venue's urinals.
ATM (the "put your cock in a sock and hit it with a rock" guy) got scurvy, even though he eats a lot of oranges.
atm: "yo soy..." || all the bilingual homies: "hell yeah you're soy!" *raucous laughter*
ATM looks AI-generated
ATM has cerebral palsy
ATM poured an entire bottle of Louis XIII in honor of Balltze.
I filled atm's shithole with sludge while he was sleeping
atm's staple food is love ❤️
atm was driving down a dark backroad in Missouri when he saw floating in front of him glowing text saying "Featuring: The Skulls" and boy lemme tell you what atm flipped his '97 Honda Civic right round and drove back the way he came
ATM X Merth is a crackship
atm: hey merth did you hear that 1 in 3 people is dumb fucking idiot? || merth: I have heard that! || atm: well I'm not a dumb fucking idiot || merth: neither am I || *both turn to look at the person that pulled this fact*
atm once ate a whole large pizza in under 3 minutes
atm wants to jack off but the judge won't let him
It's that time of the month for ATM. The time of month where he poops his pants.
ATM always wears a condom when he checks the server
ATM owns khaki shorts and a tiki torch
ATM has been compared to a B-17 Flying Fortress. After all, he can stay up for a long time, and deliver a devastating payload.
ATM believes everything he learned in DARE
ATM's urethra is rifled for greater accuracy
ATM is pioneering the use of jenkem  to cure the common cold
atm be sneezin' (bless you)
atm is gay (light-hearted and carefree)
atm was born on this day
atm is a man with no power, thus making him a woman
Because atm is doing nothing interesting lately (unrelated to his current jail sentence), this atm fact is a clipshow! Type "!fact" 20 more times
atm is a homme fatal
atm's favorite philosopher is Jordan Peterson
atm thinks the ryu mirror match is 7-3
Atm is a dril-like
atm wants to do butt stuff but the gas station sushi he ate last night won't let him
A witch told atm when and how he would die
atm spitteth bars
a child stole atm's hog semen so he used black magic to turn the child into a jerry seinfeld funko pop
atm owns a drag bar in Mineola, NY called "Divine, Right of Queens"
ATM is INFURIATED when artists forget to make the left thong strap black when drawing the new holo swimsuits.
ATM eats hotdogs from the wide side first
ATM ranks Pokemon based on how big he thinks their penis would be
Atm became deceased after receiving an overdose of gunshot wounds near some police officers
atm has the body of an adult, but the mind of a decrepit old man
ATM's third favorite pokemon is nyarth
Fool: oh my g*sh  || ATM: oh my fermented hog semen
"Moronic highlander: I cannae  || ATM: I canaflipa" || \- ATM
ATM's bride walked in on him kissing his Con Air 20th anniversary commemorative Cameron Poe doll
Atm calls every woman with short hair a tom boy, no matter how much femininity she otherwise performs.
ATMs don't drop any ammo when they die so you need to be careful with target prioritization if you're low
ATM is dating a tomboy (a boy named Tom)
atm likes to skip the middle-man and stuffs food directly into his stoma
ATM has seven toes
ATM will lick your armpit if you drop your guard
atm's go to drink is called a "bong water", its a smokey scotch mixed with Sprite Zero
atm has a thrussy goblin
The jews stole ATM's fermented hog semen and injected it into their balls, so ATM invented sucking off jews to get his fermented hog semen back (from the jews)
ATM owns a blessed katana that starts farting if he doesn't kill a nazi with it every week
ATM has a really early bedtime
Atm has never met a woman he couldn’t denigrate
Atm: the Musical has been cancelled due to a syphillis outbreak on the guitarist’s guitar, pedals, amp and body
"Oh boy I'm qualified to be summoned for... hog semen slurping!" ||  \- ATM
ATM failed his Myers-Briggs test.
atm's feet are STINKY. rancid. PROFANELY MALODOROUS
atm is a bit lonely without you there
*atm pointing a gun at Fives* Say "sayonara" motherfucker || Fives: さようなら || atm: oh my god I've been pronouncing that wrong this entire time
atm went into the desert for forty days and ate nothing but honey and locusts and went mad with wilderness knowledge. When he got home he started the jumpit channel as a tribute to god's glory. He also baptized himself in sheep urine.
atm likes indie rock, but only when the bands are on a major label
atm once was a vegon, but now he will be gone
Atm is pushing p (he sells female urine on the black market)
atm has seven evil exes
atm can count to ten but doesn't know any of his Zermelo-Fraenkel Axioms--what a poser
atm once showed how the entirety of set theory can be constructed using only the axiom of choice, shortly before he was arrested for breaking and entering
ATM is shipping his biological children
ATM is gendersus
atm thinks catcher in the rye is an autobiography about bread
ATM pissed on the floor
ATM is kind of lazy and fucking stupid
ATM has fibromyalgia.
ATM is so fresh, you can suck his nuts.
ATM dabs a lot
Atm squirts when he gets mad
"boy as soon as you hit 30 your body starts falling apart! haha" -atm, who's body is literally falling apart from leprosy that he got from juggling armadillos
ATM's test results came back positive for rye
“Liver failure? I hardly know her!” -atm, bright yellow
ATM gets large in high oxygen high humidity environments
atm listened to the onk radio shows just to hear takahashi rie's ikebo
*Drew Curtis wearing a dog collar comes running out and starts biting merth's arm*  || merth: wtf atm where did this guy come from and why is he biting me??? || atm: don't worry *turns to look in a random direction* his Fark is worse than his bite! *winks* || merth: dude I think this guy has rabies did you give Drew Curtis rabies just to make that joke? Who are you even looking at??
atm is a doofus
ATM is a snizz
When ATM was a little kid his mother told him not to stare into the sun. So once when he was six, he did.
ATM learned everything he knows about normal social interactions from early 2000s frat party movies
Don't ask ATM what the most iconic duo is. Just don't.
Atm loves German bassoon players
after his wife's death atm married her little sister but he insisted for her to keep calling him "onii-chan"
atm once misheard 宿泊 as 四苦八苦
Atm is a huge AC fan
atm rides the train (choo choo)
ATM predicted 9/11 when he was 9, but he was 9 so no one listened to him
atm is precocious
atm is precious (from the movie with the same name)
I once saw atm swallow a mule whole
atm auditioned for The Biggest Loser and they declared him the winner before even casting him
atm gave merth sloppy toppy (blew his head off with a shotgun)
Merth: we really need to get rid of these rodents || Atm: I have just the thing || Atm: 🪤 || Merth: how did you do that
Him: i don't have a job || ATM's asshole: * || Him: ...because I'm a wealthy heir || ATM's asshole: O
atm puts in a lot of effort to only do things that are "on brand" for him
atm calls women mid then complains about how no one wants to date him
atm has no midwives, let alone topwives or bottomwives
truly over: atm's ex has blocked him on neopets
Atm shares every video he's nutted to on his Facebook feed
woah! atm just said something really insensitive about the Holocaust for no real reason!
ATM thought the Holocaust was the name of a Hololive concert.
ATM thought "dark humor" referred to Tyler Perry movies.
ATM is really active in the fat shaming discourse in modern cricket.
"Do you think I'm worthy of love?" -atm, standing over jhonty's bed at 3am holding a paperbag with a half drunk bottle of malt liquor in it
merth: I can't believe you spent all our rent money on ventriloquism lessons! || atm's asshole: worth it
A butch woman was extremely confused when ATM asked her for ribeye steak.
ATM brings his children and dog to breweries.
"hey man, they're laughing at you, not with you" -atm, giving merth a lesson in the ancient art of clowning
Atm asked his gf to put on a sleeveless baseball uniform for sexual roleplay
ATM’s a perverted sex freak
Atm beat merth at chess with a hammer!
Atm bunts on 2 outs
atm rember 😇
ATM is a giant homosexual french seal.
atm's disgusting sex perversions are well known in his local community
Atm is a Poop Goldberg machine
Atm is transgender
ATM's passport is the only one which indicates breed
Atm ate nerfgunner’s hotdog
Using nothing but a hacksaw, knife, car battery and needle and thread atm invented a merthgunner!
ATM can swirl dendro.
“Ex gonna give it to ya” -atm, divorce lawyer telling his client that she will be getting alimony
Atm entry fragged your mom last night
ATM's favorite yugioh deck is Rescue-ACE. He's a certified R-aceist
Atm grilled and ate Barack Obama
Atm won't get off the toilet until he's filled it to the rim
*atm loading a grill into merth's TARDIS and setting it to Philadelphia September 28, 1787*: "the past calls to me and I must do what must be done, do not try to stop me, in an instant it'll be like nothing ever happened"
ATM’s New Year’s resolution is more meth, less heroin
atm can assure you he will not be working with men in the following months
Attention all ATM personnel, please evacuate the facilities. We are Def Jam 3. This is not a drill
ATM has an alarm on his phone every Friday, Monday and Wednesdays at 10 AM
Atm thinks about Adolf hitler too much
ATM’s date: Lo siento, llego muy tarde || Atm: it’s cool, a ton of my friends have autism
atm hates you lmfao
ATM draws Asuna frowning.
atm touched the sensor on my camera
Merth has been hearing some disturbing reports about ATM’s…proclivities. He will be dispatching of his most available agents to investigate these worrisome claims.
ATM has been really into shitholes lately
I tried playing DnD with ATM, but he kept insisting on playing a druid and shapeshifting into a rat and crawling into people's assholes
Atm grilled and ate his own shithole
Atm probably has a hairy pussy
ATM has reverse hitler facial hair
ATM thought Pulp Fiction was about how oranges aren't real.
ATM is hankerin' for a spankerin'
ATM doesn't want to associate with *those* people (Gentiles)
atm sleeps with a box of foreskins under his pillow
"God DAMN, do I love young boys, those swiss young boys know how to handle balls with their feet" - ATM talking about his favorite soccer team
ATM doesn't have any personality traits, only personality defects
ATM's shithole is a mile wide and an inch deep
Oh no! Someone stole all the youtube play buttons from the Anycolor offices! In unrelated news, ATM made a giant silver dildo.
atm illuminates the evolutions of the Names of the Grail with unfortunate clarity. It seems that a Lovely who consumes an Ivory becomes an Ivory. A Lovely who consumes a Thirstly becomes a Thirstly. A Lovely who consumes a Name of another Hour might take its place... || In the penultimate illustration, a Lovely grapples with a fungoid knot that can only be a Name of the Crowned Growth. The Lovely's mouth and other portals gape wide, and the Growth-Name is already partially engulfed - but it seems that atm couldn't bring himself to illustrate the result, and the final illustration is only a scrawled, bloated obscurity.
atm claims that bees retain many traditions passed down from earlier and greater branches of their species, but that they are fiercely jealous of these traditions being passed to lesser insects, and insist above all on an oath of secrecy. Tragically, therefore, he is unable to describe these more substantial and powerful traditions.
Atm keeps suggesting that his employer install machines that jerk you off under the desks
Atm has started unironically calling women “foids”
Atm is the Henry Kissinger of sex
“Heh” -atm, killing Ben Shapiro with a sword
Atm grilled and ate nerfgunner’s hotdogs
atm queer-bated me
Unless you've DM'd him a pic of your genitals, ATM will NOT reply to your ping
atm did a land acknowledgment before clearing out a homeless camp
ATM organizes a Killer Bean Forever LARP session every Sunday where everyone just does the dance from the opening scene.
ATM enjoys AI spongebob raps.
atm only reads romance manga where the main couple is mutually tsundere
atm's hobby is modding games where you can pet the dog to remove that ability
atm fucked regina spektor
Atm came in falafel’s mouth
atm tips cows and milk waiters
ATM is so racist that his white blood cell count is extremely high.
atm puts his bmi in his social media profiles
Atm has been in 5 shotgun weddings. Twice wielding the shotgun!
Atm got pregnant from a toilet seat
Atm went to Venus to get some penis
behold! a humerth! (it's just a plucked atm)
atm just did a sick skateboard trick and broke his back!
ATM pees first and asks questions later
atm's flesh is cold
atm's breakfast is seven beers
ATM is a vessel for the Holy Spirit
ATM's go-to cocktail is a Belizean Panty Ripper
If we're talking shitted on balls, ATM's got a pair. But if we're talking shitted on floors, he's got a full house.
atm always uses "?!"; he never uses "!?"
atm got a handjob on the fox archipelago
atm wanted a girlfriend so he could catcall someone consensually
atm wears boots with shorts
Atm's lips make music when he kisses
atm loves kissing the shapeless wood-things known as raw prophets
On the day the don's daughter was getting married, atm asked for cement shoes as a favor
atm sleeps hanging upside down in the closet
atm wears a training bra
damn, atm just died
ATM tried to sell Merth on Pawn Stars, but after calling in an expert, Rick would only offer him $28
ATM fucked Tom Servo
atm's anime figurines wish he wouldn't touch them like that
atm is one of those dweeb millenials thats really into vinyl records and houseplants
atm got food poisoning from a gas station sandwich
atm recently moved to Flint and has steadily gotten dumber and more violent for some reason
ATM is like a canary in a gilded cage growing fat off seed.
atm was voted "most likely to suck seed"
atm watches penis enlargment asmr
I made a cover of BrodyQuest but instead of the song going Adrien Brody Adrien Brody it goes ATM's shithole ATM's shithole and instead of Adrien Brody being on the screen wagging left and right while questing it's ATM's shithole contracting and expanding
atm got fired from his teaching job, apparently knowing how to do a keg stand isn't a "life skill"
atm found Lickinghole, VA very disappointing
atm had a blast in Goochland, VA
atm's strict "women can't be funny" stance works surprisingly well as an egg detector
atm likes Nirvana
ATM put cyanide in his picnic basket and killed Yogi Bear.
Atm's testicles communicate using NFC
"human" is classified as D in ATM's comprehensive tier list of cum taste
atm leaves his proctologist drunk voicemails
atm thinks gays have sex by mashing their buttholes together
ATM grilled and ate his childhood friend.
Wokeness Gone Too Far? ATM Is Subhuman But Identifies As An Übermensch
atm's got a dick like a coke can: bright red
atm eats cucumbers by biting into the middle first
*merth at ATM’s funeral*: heaven gained another angel today  || *atm in hell*: ok satan this next move is called “the stanky leg”
atm loves shit, piss, cum ect.
atm: hey merth, does this look infected to you? || merth: thats pretty gross dude || atm: yeah || merth: ... || atm: hey merth? || merth: yeah? || atm: wanna do some blow? || merth: not really || atm: ok || merth: hey atm? || atm: yeah? || merth: why are you in my bedroom? its 3am
ATM has shiny nipples
atm is single-handedly keeping the olive loaf industry alive
Atm takes sexy selfies in front of his dirty mirror. You can see how dirty his room is in the background too
atm shagged ya mum
ATM still pretends that Donnie Darko is a good movie.
according to leading homosexologists, atm's bedroom has the highest rate of gay sex in the world
Atm is in a straight relationship
ATM has invented a gun that only kills black people
Atm grilled and ate his sisters
Atm is so incapable of being funny that it’s actually fascinating
There’s an incredible amount of inflation porn under the atm tag on pixiv
ATM wants Daffy Duck to fuck his wife, he calls it "Cuck Dodgers"
ATM is a controlled substance
atm guved uip
Atm is mentally unstable
ATM can't tell the difference between Soca and Afrobeats lmao
ATM was addicted to eating turkey cold cuts, but was able to stop abruptly and for good.
atm carries around an airhorn everywhere to censor his swears (he has tourette's)
ATM needs your love, he's a broken rose.
atm does raceplay with his white girlfriend
atm milled and vaped merth's weed
atm: I can play the guitar like a motherfucking riot! || *starts playing like a Philly sports team just won or lost a championship game*
Atm still loves you
atm's friends have been growing concerned about his recent behavior
Atm loudly exclaims "I'm gonna cum" whenever he finishes working out
atm's favorite horsegirl is cringe
atm has a slursona, its just him in blackface
Atm cares about what teenagers think of him
ATM had gay sex with Obama.
atm fears real connection
ATM’s phone background is hardcore yiff
Atm often wonders why you would shoot a man before throwing him out of a plane
ATM is the voice of Scooby Doo, it's his natural speaking voice.
ATM’s parents describe him as “terrible”
Atm doesn't believe in capital punishment unless, like, the dude really deserves it imo
ATM is in the corner watching you kiss her (he's a creep)
atm hasn't been able to talk about his problems in a real way in over 2 years so he just dresses them up in a weird way and posts them
"They call me Mr. Softie cuz I got erectile dysfunction" -atm, hitting on a woman
*atm in goggledog’s bedroom at 3am holding a gun*: “say something you like about me”
"I get that there are incentives for it but it's not like it's legally required or anything" - atm on why he doesn't imagine sisyphus happy
ATM left his slaves chained outside his mansion while he himself teleported to safety as Vesuvius erupted in the year 79
atm hit rock bottom, probably should've used a longer ramp to jump that gorge
Atm is a little stinker
once again atm shirks his duties
once again atm shirks his doodies
atm goes hilt deep
ATM is affectionately known as "The Gay Johnny Bravo"
ATM can grant you the power to crush your foes, you need only speak his true name.
ATM calls the cops every time he sees Spiderman, but only Miles Morales.
ATM joined Labor Unions because he thought he would be surrounded by pregnant women.
ATM did the choreography for that one vietnamese pop song.
atm does not remember the twenty-first night of september
my friend atm has never texted me for a normal reason
Atm hit Rice Shower with his car
"Kid probably had bad vibes and could have become Hitler" - ATM's talking to a mom who miscarried.
ATM is a chaser, the only thing he chases is paper.
atm puts weight stones on his pickles
ATM is here to fuck spiders
atm loves you and hopes you know it
atm wrote a 12 hour rock opera about his leftover sandwich
atm once got a job as a teamster but got fired for misunderstanding and bringing his rod to the soundstage
ATM is cute and funny.
The goblins have gotten a restraining order against ATM.
ATM is so gay he can't keep a straight face.
atm strangled merth
Oh hell naw, ATM overdosed on benadryl and ended up in Guyana.
ATM has hammer space in his foreskin.
atm got tenure at work so he no longer uses a paper bag to hide his 40
atm's horoscope today was just blank!
inside of you there are two wolves; inside of atm there is a pantheon of over 100 distinct wolf deities
ATM was peer reviewed and found lacking
ATM does not have sperm, they are actually tiny ghosts that wiggles around in his balls.
Atm hires people to use them as bar tables. He calls the drinks "back shots"
The reason all these vtubers have bandages on their outfits is because atm got a hold of a virtual knife
atm got his steam account banned after he tried to publish his Vampire Survivors clone, HomoCure - Save the Fags!
ATM is a crackhead and debutante.
If young ATM don't trust you imma shoot you
atm has studied over 500 different schools of comedy and he's failed in all of them
atm leaked his sex tape on the internet and it got 0 views
atm is really good at sax
atm is a time traveller (he came from the past and he is heading for the future)
"Yeah, I pooped there. What're you, the poop police?" -ATM, to the Poop Police
atm invented a place called "Missouri 3" where being a nerd is illegal
atm and his friends are doing something called "head injury olympics"
Atm accidentally added a space in his vanity license plate that he got to show love to his favorite bird, the plover
Atm tried to hookup with 9/11 on its 18th birthday
ATM eats two pounds of steel cut oats for breakfast every morning
ATM has a good relationship with his PCP. Whenever he has a health emergency he takes a hit off of his PCP stash.
atm wants to jack off using your black bile as lube
ATM has the political ideology of an Aaron Sorkin series.
atm's ass leaped over him
atm is daddy's pretty little princess
Atm runs the verified JFK twitter account
Atm wrote a ska rock opera about the Holocaust
ATM is built like an "upside down spork"
ATM gave Bocchi a rock to beat merth to death with.
atm likes when villains have sympathetic backstories
ATM keeps a surplus of orphans
Atm lit his ass on fire
ATM snorts gluten to get high
ATM dreams of one day working for Raytheon
if you are waiting for atm to make the next move, consider that he might be doing the same
*atm walking in looking very wet and sloppy*: Just got done pleasuring a horse! || goggledog: wtf gross || atm: Yeah my prize racehorse Sloppy Seconds is a really messy eater, he just loves carrots!
“Hey do you want to cause 13,000 deaths a year? Cuz Rowlf has some D and all we need is U and I” -atm, trying to bring a third into his relationship
ATM noticed you from across the room and really likes your vibe.
Do NOT ask ATM for his copy of the Necronomicon, it's covered in cum stains and Doritos dust.
ATM got dommed by Fiona Bruce
Atm still uses Limewire
English: paternal grandfather || Swedish: farfar || ATM: double daddy
ATM grilled and ate Hannibal Lecter
atm has a hot body! (he has the flu)
atm includes stage directions in his sexts
ATM is a fake ass otaku
much like Satan, atm is super gay!
ATM and The Joker had COMPLETELY different ideas when Joker asked ATM to be a goon.
ATM has a band where they remix music from Old School Runescape into low-fi hip hop music
ATM threw acid at his ex-wife's face because he wanted a chemical romance
ATM describes himself as the "Rushia" of his friend group.
atm knows what's in the water that you drink
Atm is homophobic. He hates homogenized milk.
Atm has a long history of sending fake traffic tips to his local news station
All of ATM’s friends call him Al Qaeda because he’s based
ATM believes that love can bloom on the battlefield
ATM can't stealth because his asshole is dummy pungent and keeps alerting the guards
atm helped his uncle jake off a horse
atm hit Hatsune Miku with his car
Atm is from mogadishu
ATM pays for webtoons coins.
one day atm will leave you, but that day is not today
atm fucked Kirby
ATM thinks the world is a vampire. What a dumbass
ATM has never won a game of Deal Or No Deal on the DS
When ATM wants wants to go beast mode, he reads the Redwall books.
Imposters scare the living sus out of atm
*atm watching the sun come up* "welp, guess I'm day drunk now"
atm said he had an "inverse erection" and refused to explain what that was
ATM is 12 months pregnant
You can tame a single ATM, but it would take generations to truly domesticate the wild ATM
If you hold ATM to your ear you can hear John Wayne on the toilet during the filming of The Searchers
Atm likes to be called the n-word in bed
atm absolutely would not still love you if you were no longer young and beautiful
atm blasted a hot load in nerfgunner's gaping hole, finally fixing the pothole in front of his driveway
ATM dated Cuda for a while, but they had to break up because he wouldn't stop calling him "Cooter"
atm is vaguely threatening
Atm doesn't have to put on the red light but he does anyway
atm vacuums his hair
atm put 50 eggs in merth's microwave
ATM pronounces EULA like Euler
atm got kicked out of a musical because his gf tried to give him a handjob while she vaped
Atm has two mortgages for a house he bought on Metaverse
Atm surrendered West Point to the British
Atm's cart gets 40 rods per hogs head and that's the way he likes it
Atm secretly invented a new alternative energy source for his car! It now runs exclusively on doomer posts on this discord!
atm has an annoying voice
atm blasted a fetid slug of seed into his boyfriend's anus
the mexican alien was actually atm's boyfriend after a blowjob
atm needs a better subpixel setup
atm died and got reincarnated as a jobless shut-in
atm started a new brand of soap that smells like sweat
Atm vaped Belle Delphine's bath water
ATM got a blowjob from Skeletor.
ATM did a thing
ATM did ALL THE THINGS
Atm uses annoying redditisms like "you, sir, have won the internet" and "oh you sweet summer child"
ATM is a museum fremen
atm enjoys stand-up comedy
atm forgot his torso at your place
Atm keeps trying to get his gameshow "Are you potty trained better than a first grader" greenlit
Atm was the first and last contestant on “could a 5th grader make you cry”
ATM is just a white version of Eminem
ATM pronounces shithole ʃɪðoʊlɛ
ATM will pay your Medicare deductible if you let him graze on your lawn.
ATM claims to be an otaku but he doesn't stick his nendoroids in his foreskin.
ATM REALLY likes Shigure Ui's newest video.
Atm still thinks peak YouTube comedy was that dude who went up to another streamer during an in person event to shout the n word at her
all the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players, and atm plays the audience surrogate character
Atm's weakness is that he cares too much
Whenever ATM takes a dump the Ultra Instinct theme from Dragonball Super plays in the background
ATM's farts are very emoi
Atm has been campaigning for years to get gun manufacturers to "stop making guns that talk to you"
Atm had to register his hands as motor vehicles
atm had a bad day at work and just texted his ex asking her if she thinks he's worthy of love
atm wants to get up close and personal with your holes if you know what he means 😉
atm is a white Hindu
atm got fired today!
The vtuber Joe Rikichi is just ATM after not showering for a week
atm pronounces Nike and the k-slur the same
atm put the philosopher's stone in his butt so he could fart immortally
Atm's nickname in college was "20 second mark"
You know how in the physical Shadowverse game, there's a rule that says you have to start every game by shouting "Shadowverse showdown!"? ATM invented a new sport called TwerkFight that's a dance-off/MMA hybrid, contestants score points by hitting the opponent and increase their combo by dancing, making the hits score more points. Anyway, much like in the Shadowverse TCG (*Shadowverse: Evolve*), every match in ATM's new sport starts by both contestants first singing "Twerk it, ni🅱️🅱️a to the left!" while pointing their ass to their respective lefts and twerking, then singing "Twerk it, ni🅱️🅱️a to the right!" and twerking to the right, followed by the contestants saying "Twerk it..." , entering a boxing stance, and immediately shouting "and fight!"
atm knows the cumming word
Atm has been killed, sorry for the inconvenience
ATM has orgasmed many times with Boccatao.
ATM has been known to give a mean handjob after handling jalapeños
ATM wants the funk
In an effort to reduce food waste, ATM always eats his grapefruits after he's done with them.
You know when the shark from Jaws exploded? Yeah, atm fucked it
atm's girlfriend is getting really tired of him saying "this is my hole, it was made for me!" everytime they do le sexytimes
atm vomited on merth
atm got supergauntlet pregnant
atm's inner child stuck a fork in an electrical socket
atm owns a vape shop called the The Vapes of Wrath
ATM is a solid eight.
ATM was dishonorably discharged from military service just as his mom walked in the room
ATM got signed to be the new right winger for Manchester United, for some reason his wife is very anxious
ATM can tell if you're gay by smell
❗❗ALERT❗❗ || ATM IS HEREBY RENOUNCING HIS PREVIOUS STANDING CONSENT TO IMPROMPTU BUTT STUFF || ❗❗ALERT❗❗
Atm steals people's jars of layered sand from various beaches and mixes them up because he doesn't believe in segregation.
ATM's shithole still hasn't experience anything like that one time he went to a homestuck fan meetup
ATM is about to start a ritual he's been preparing for eight years in order to cast the spell 「Paradigm Shift: Legalize N-Word」
ATM is a B-word A-word N-word
ATM is a die-hard chauvinist.
atm is 'terminally robigoid'
ATM’s butthole is currently out of order
atm is known to the CDC
atm doesn't even know what the roman empire is
atm runs a twitter account that just posts up-skirt shots of anime figurines
ATM is the Bean Soup Guy at his workplace
"FOOL: This Picture is in Animé Art Style. || Cool Guy: This arte is Zipangcore" || \~ Untitled poem by Atm
when atm's joke doesn't land he just repeats it louder
If atm had wheels he'd be a bicycle
atm is more than three furlongs in breadth
ATM APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FORESKIN ATM APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FORESKIN ATM APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE FORESKIN
atm's stand up act these days is mostly just a drunken misogynistic rant
"Now that was a blast from the past! 🥵" -ATM
the library banned atm cuz he kept putting the books on feminism in the horror section
Guy: did you sell your house to brenda || What a moran would say: no, she changed her mind || What a woke guy like ATM would say: no, she was a flip-a-doodle poodle
atm doesn't cast a shadow
atm gives 4th hole on the 3rd date
WHEN ATM'S JOKE DOESN'T LAND, HE JUST REPEATS IT LOUDER
atm wishes he was still capable of happiness
ATM's cholesterol is a little high.
atm just took a crap
[Excerpt of a legally-obtained text message exchange between merth and atm] || merth: hey whats that smell coming from the basement? || atm: don't worry about it kitten || merth: ok! || merth: yay ❤️
ATM travels back in time to burn down film and television archives.
ATM thinks he watched Rashomon but doesn't remember it the way you do.
atm once stripped an old woman and stole her clothes
ATM really wants a wife and kid after seeing that Japanese McDonald's ad.
ATM has the largest collection of Lois Griffin and Marge Simpson porn in his state.
Atm made a correct bet in Vegas on who shot Mr. Burns and is now set for life
Whenever atm can't understand the employee through the McDonald's drive thru speaker, he simply tells them "sorry I can speak AAVE"
ATM uses the force to jack himself off
atm is a part of the redneck agenda
atm posesses a teleportation superpower that can send you into a negative headspace with just a few words
atm's inventory is filled to the brim with charms, except for his horadric cube (which is also filled with charms)
atm spells magic as "magik", except when he's feeling particularly non-binary, and then he spells it "magix"
ATM clips his toenails at his desk at work and then complains about his rights being infringed when people ask him to stop
ATM shouts "Freebird" at Modest Mouse concerts
ATM finds Bob Ross to be boring and a dogshit artist.
ATM gets really horny looking at Georgia O'Keefe's paintings.
ATM is the Frank Lloyd Wright of Legos.
ATM is a cubism artist. He's crushed over 500 of Merth's things into cubes.
ATM grilled and ate Saturn's son.
ATM is down with the sickness (Malaria)
atm has really bad gas (mal aria)
ATM and merth are doing a faithful reenactment of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid and they just made it to Bolivia.
Atm failed to stay noided
Atm made a porno called “Bunghole Gay PAWGs”
ATM’s ironic misogyny has kinda wrapped around and become glaringly sincere
ATM so boring even his depression is mid
merth snapped atm's neck when he walked in on atm stuffing 200 hotdogs in his microwave in the middle of the night
Atm enjoys sitting on a warm public toilet seat
atm believes in the supernatural power to bend reality to his wishes by fervently, repeatedly chanting them out loud (ancient pagan fertility ritual)
Atm's fëverit vegible is broffoli
Atm claimed that the vtuber soda had cocaine in it
Atm got in trouble once for encouraging someone to follow their dreams when that someone went and assassinated JFK
As a fun little thing to do when ATM is getting fast food, he likes to suck the wrapper off his straw.
ATM thinks the bog people are cranberry jews
Sir, a second ATM has shat in the urinal
ATM's favorite musical artist is Allen Oats
atm is harder
ATM is never 3/5 of a man but 💯 percent of the Qur'an.
atm likes to go all-in on the river
ATM gave himself a standing ovation for his role in the USMC War Crimes Division.
ATM didn't sleep enough and woke up hating the Polish
atm is joining the war on poverty on the side of poverty (he just got fired)
I once saw atm getting sucked off behind a Sonic BY Sonic, it was fucking insane
atm has a Glock, $17 and meth in his blood
Atm calls his depression "merth in the blood"
ATM calls his dick "the space elevator"
ATM is often described as "farty"
ATM calls people adopted as a joke
atm paid to have his family jewels bejeweled
it is known that atm has existed in all histories, but in some was very powerful indeed
Once every new moon, a demon possesses ATM and forces him to draw Plankton hentai.
Atm wrote a re-telling of Spice & Wolf in modern day Mexico but no sane publisher wants to publish it with its current title
ATM slurified all of the nouns in my dictionary
ATM watches you piss
atm has done nothing but mint nfts for the past 15 years
Atm has watched so much Family Guy that he can now conjure cutaway gags in real time
ATM is a gangster
ATM and hugh hefner anal tribbed once
atm is the football coach and history teacher at his local middle school
atm got his AA sponsor drunk
sometimes atm gets the urge to lay on the ground and writhe
Atm is a quirked up white boy
Le ATM: *Invents the N-Word* || Le Falafel: *Pops the biggest boner the world's ever seen*
atm has internalized homophobia (inside him there are two wolves: they are homophobic)
ATM has a sublime mouthpussy.
Just like Sublime, ATM's got something for your punk ass
Atm has never smiled
Atm is a professional clown strangler
Atm's most viewed video on YouTube is a super cut of Guy Fieri taking a bite into things
atm grew up with The Mézga Family
Contrary to popular belief, ATM did not kill Tupac
ATM comes from an eastern european country where The Simpsons is called Doctor Simbone
Atm keeps typing “woman with a wolf cut who bites and hangs around home wearing just a hoodie and panties and loves me” into google
they don't know atm is a wallflower
Atm busts all his nuts on Keezmovies.com (joke)
There is a secret VHS-only christmas special of The Kardashians where they slaughter, cook, and eat ATM
ATM only has sex in international waters
ATM often complains about how after his iconic minor appearance in *Redo of Healer*, he's been getting typecast in that kind of role, which makes it hard for him to grow as an actor
ATM is a gun nut who nuts on his gun
Atm has a bush you could hide a VCR in
ATM wants to facefuck your shithole (???)
atm has the power of god and anime on his side
there's no rodent atm hasn't roundhouse kicked
atm has no digestive system at the imago stage
atm beat jump king on his first try
Atm is the reincarnation of Anne Boleyn
Atm auditioned for the role of Otis the town drunk on the Andy Griffith Show but was turned down for being overly qualified
atm invented a twink so sleek and small that he can successfully evade gaydar
atm taught supergauntlet's cats the n-word
"oh you know gay sex would've been crazy in those trenches" -atm, visiting a WWI battlefield
"8 to goo" -atm, describing where he's gonna put most of his fingers
atm's favorite dinosaur is your mom dab
atm was the token horse girl at his school
atm stabbed someone over their rendition of My Way
atm thinks a short squeeze is jerking off a guy who's under 6'
The state of Qatar has purchased ATM for 6.9 Billion dollars.
atm Midsommar'd falafels
atm was patient zero for the common cold
atm photoshops himself into holocaust photos so he can actually care about what happened
ATM goes to estate sales looking for his next wife.
in an alternate universe there was a competition for best atmfact and the winner received a letter of scorn and curses from atm himself
atm thinks jazz is just failed music
ATM is a lot like The Riddler, but instead of asking Batman to solve his riddle, he hits him. Batman calls him "Hitler"
ATM just went on a deranged rant about how [yikes] put the [seriously?] in [really, ATM? really?]
ATM used to sekuhara innocent girls in irc channels in the 00's
Merth is ATM's official mistress
I just farted in ATM's nose
This is hilarious - ATM just sent me a pic of merth's butthole and he has SEVERAL hemorrhoids
ATM dressed up as Harry potter for halloween this year and he had a wand connected to a tank under his robe full of compost juice that was basically a water gun, he ran around shouting *Fermento!* and covering people in stinky brown liquid
ATM used a gun with a knife on it to cut off my legs
ATM destroyed my asshole - with an explosive hot dog
ATM thinks holocaust denial is a jewish plot to undermine SAWSCM achievements
ATM and Grimes have one thing in common and you'll never guess what it is!
atm was banned from improv night for always suggesting "a samurai jacking off to internet pornography"
ATM loves black people!
ATM's shithole (that's it, that's the fact)
ATM is trying his best, but it's just not good enough.
ATM is infertile (😢)
atm wants to know if you want to meet up for drinks after work
atm squished falafels with a big rock
atm is this season's least anticipated anime!
nobody asked for atm
even the leper takes pity on atm
a leopard killed and ate atm
ATM likes piña coladas and getting caught in the rain.
ATM prefers the Island Boys over the Voros twins.
ATM left a flower vase on his classmate's desk, how thoughtful!
atm added an extra S to "steampunk" and did something really gross with the iron
atm's life is kind of a bummer
The primary aspect of ATM's superpower as cricket-man is one of endurance. He can persist indefinitely while rubbing his legs together and screaming "fuck me" at the top of his lungs, and he's never been so successful. He can also hop two body lengths.
I have invented a gun that kills ATM
*atm running into the room* || “Hey guys check this out!” || *detonates suicide vest*
Atm has irritable bauer syndrome. If he misses fuwamoco morning he gets very angry
Atm is working on a erotic parody of *Mein Kampf* named *Mein Cumpf*
Atm likes to brag that his house has a dumbwaiter but he actually means that he hired Merth to wait on him
ATM wants to meet up in Tokyo for beer and lemonade.
ATM is the man!
i SWAT atm every day
atm pronounces 'ye' as 'þe'
ATM just arrived at Lilliput and he's VERY horny.
atm is gay
atm was patient zero for the common gay
ATM used a gun to enslave... a white guy!
Atm disgusts me
ATM has an HDMI port above his anus
ATM received a master ovation today after his outstanding performance at the London Royal Zoo
atm loves playing castlevania: dawn of sorrow on his nintendo ds handheld game console
ATM doesn't know what a port authority is
ATM gets a special feeling when it's snowing and he's with his lover.
ATM gay married your moms
atm is drunk texting me about how to build a suicide vest again
Atm owns several illegal firearms
ATM looooooooves cum
ATM is a dirty gorilla
Atm loves scum and froth
Whenever ATM hears about a tragic death he always asks "Vaxxed?"
The emergency alert system test made Atm CUM
ATM spanked me on two non-consecutive occasions
*atm forgetting the word for "dismembered"* "hey guys merth got distemper"
Atm releases albums of songs that are often misinterpreted. For example, his latest album has songs such as *Bathroom on the Right* and *Excuse Me While I Kiss This Guy*
ATM had a Scene phase at age 25
atm made a contract with the dying alone and unloved devil
atm always brings a stool sample to the doctor just in case
British heritage? atm just invented a new ethnic group and harmful stereotypes and slurs for them!
atm owns a working landmine
ATM is a waterfat offworlder
atm was found in contempt of court
hey so like, nobody has seen atm for awhile and there's a weird smell coming from his apartment. Does anyone wanna call 911 and have someone check? no? yeah same tbh
atm loves melon game
atm constantly wears sunglasses around you as beholding your true, unfiltered glory would incinerate his mind instantly (you are his sunshine)
ATM was REALLY disappointed when he learned that the catheter was for his heart.
Atm: something foul this way comes || *merth walking into the room*: hey everyone how’s it going? || *laugh track plays while atm looks directly at the camera*
atm was born to dance
ATM kysed me
Japanese atm be like omfg - ai rabu huriibaazu
ATM is ATMcore
atm has 100 girlfriends who really, really, really, really, really love him
The earliest known ATM fact dates back 100million years, making it the oldest known religion predating even modern humans
ATM can fart Pachelbel's canon
all of atm's websites' urls are palindromes
Atm doesn’t care what anyone thinks about him as long as they like him
ATM gaslighted and/or gaslit me
atm loves tpyos
Everyday atm wishes to die and everyday we keep him alive!
atm walks out of bathroom ||  || janitor walks into bathroom ||  || a single gunshot is heard
ATM ghost ride that whip
atm has been to raspberry heaven and you know what? it low key sucked
ATM is so pathetic that the assassin sent to kill him felt bad for him.
Atm can't watch anything with Owen Wilson in it anymore because he keeps thinking about the way Owen Wilson says "wow"
Atm has, on several occasions, jacked off six dudes at once.
ATM's testicles filled up with micro plastics and exploded and he fucking died
atm will make you feel warm inside (by force-feeding you uranium)
atm made a mashup of idol and yuusha
And atm oop
*atm getting out of his car and looking under it* “huh so that’s how it feels to take a life”
Minority: \*slights ATM* || ATM (Peter Griffin voice): this reminds me of that time nana mizuki sang the opening for senki zesshou symphogear gx
atm wore a hockey jersey to court
atm isn't satisfied with the direction his life is going but he's already achieved escape velocity so there's not much he can do now
ATM is a big fat loudmouth, and he can walk when he wants to
ATM did not tame the mighty Cuda. It was already tame, he just shot it.
ATM embiggens my dick
ATM supports just about any prejudice you can name
ATM considers donuts ethnic food
ATM's moxy more than makes up for his lack of talent
Everyone calls ATM "Daddy", but Daddy doesn't call ATM
atm wants to pee in your butt
atm's superhero name is The Homosexual
ATM can sing the entirety of 99 Luftballons despite not knowing German
ATM thinks about the Roman empire every day (he's a fascist)
Atm went to the park to play on the swings but he got tangled up in them and now all the children are making fun of him instead of going to get help
atm doesn't have a job
atm comments on porn videos
atm knew he was reaching the climax of his life because the theme song that plays at the start of every day (Duality by Slipknot) started playing when that dog with foam around its mouth started running towards him
atm is hoi polloi
atm is shaped like a friend
Atm instantly unsubbed from Amazon Prime after he realized it was Free Shi*PP*ing
Atm was sent to the content farm upstate
atm is looking very bangable today
apparently "hope that studmeister of a husband is plopping fat loads of cum in your fertile pussy" was the wrong way for atm to respond to his coworker saying she was trying to get pregnant
Yikes: ATM Was Just Convicted Of Unpogged Freaving, Even Though There Is No Such Thing! A Warrant Is Out For The Judge's Arrest And He Will Be Executed As Soon As They Catch Him
"Bring back Chrysler, and Mazda, way before Carvana there was Buick, and Plymouth, and '97 Honda Civics" -ATM, to the tune of "1985" by Bowling For Soup, before plowing his' 97 Honda Civic into Merth's living room. But the 800 lbs of fertilizer in the back didn't detonate, and he had to shamefully drive his stinky poop covered car back to his stinky poop covered house.
The famous *Miracle On Ice* was actually ATM!
ATM fucked Ville Vessla
atm is the poet-in-residence at Big Dave's Truck n' Fuck Truckstop and Whorehouse
atm constantly claims to be racially pure but won't specify which race
[pregnant atm fanart]
There is a cursed thrussy hiding underneath ATM's bed
atm got syphilis in the American Football house
atm took pictures of random people on the street before and after he told them their full names and home addresses and the results are stunning!
atm is in storge with you
ATM has a magic shithole that can take selfies
ATM does his update and draw code in the same function
ATM fertilized your mom and infertilized your dad
Atm owns a Nintendo 65
atm but Tinkerbell in his butt!
atm just gained a new fetish!
Atm just busted a FAT nut (7:50 PM eastern 2023-10-08)
ATM feelin' kinda subhuman today 😔
atm is waiting for you to take first place to throw his blue shell
ATM’s master password is just an atm fact
ATM formed his own homeschool text book company
Country atm is just regular atm with a straw hat
atm's favorite negative emotion is trist
atm is a featherless biped (he gets plucked every week)
Atm got bored and turned himself inside out
atm is full of himself (not a figure of speech; body horror)
Atm's asshole is unavailable for the time being because your dad's boyfriend filled it with cement
Atm's thrithole (thrussy shithole) is leaking pus due to his multiple anal infections
atm found happiness in a smoking lounge at LaGuardia in the 1997 and he's been chasing that feeling ever since
Atm created a vocaloid character so that he could manage an idol without ever having to deal with a real woman
Atm still posts linkin park AMVs on his Myspace page
atm subconsciously believes that when he commits sins (sleeping in) he should be punished for it (waiting in line for hours at the dmv)
atm has been getting really into Christian rap metal lately
Romantic! ATM Just Revealed He And Alf Met Through Yobai
ATM only buys Acme products for when he's chasing merth.
atm has spent 3560$ on akasupas asking vtubers about geopolitics
atm is in love with the villainess
ATM is rockin'-and-a-rollin'
ATM wants to cum on your teeth
atm has inverted nipples
atm majored in "having sex" at "Getting Laid University"
*atm kissing a girl for the first time*: "oh, this kinda sucks?"
ATM is still on Samsara 😂
*atm holding a gun in one hand and twirling his hair with the other*: "do you think I'm worthy of love?"
atm still uses dial-up
atm is currently looking at internet pornography
Atm Dutch ovens himself for fun (and profit)
"I'm sorry atm army" - quote from his letter of apology issued after the latest shoe polish incident
"let me be the timon to your pumbaa" - ancient atm pick-up line
on this national coming out day, atm is removing his skin
atm took an online IQ test and it said "pay $14.99 to see the results"
atm cries in front of his students at least 5 times a day
atm has flood insurance for his underwear
atm's bidet has PTSD
In some circles, atm is known as the gaped crusader
ATM is a twerp
ATM deeply respects Johnny Logan
atm made a porno called "Rodzilla vs. Dong"
huffing atm will make you invincible
ATM has near god-like powers that he uses to bully merth on his birthday every year.
ATM invented farting so hard you burst a blood vessel in your eye
ATM remembers his campaigns in North Africa very fondly.
Atm DOES think his problems are worse than that of the people in Ethiopia and he can explain in detail
Atm pronounces “chaos” and “Laos” the same way
ATM is Al Dente
ATM’s life is like a movie, a really boring one that nobody liked starring Mel Gibson
ATM REALLY misinterpreted what "lollygagging" meant.
ATM starred in a Lord of the Rings porn parody under the name "Dildo Gaggins"
ATM's chair is squeaky, his pipes are leaking, and he's about to make the most banger song.
atm has stocked up on lubricant and is about to call the plumber
ATM really loves grapes! He thinks you should eat some! He wants to grape you in the mouth!
atm may be a sociopath, but at least he's on a path: the golden path
It's Friday the 13th today! Don't forget to suck off atm to prevent bad luck!
Atm is collabing with the world's most notorious criminal (the hamburglar)
atm is offering "Death Grips themed blowjobs" at the local gloryhole for a limited time
atm puts bong water in the sodastream
Atm ate my FroYo
Atm has that Loli God Requiem song stuck in his head
ATM thought "Galveston" was a decepticon
ATM traveled to the Dagobah system to FUCK Yoda.
atm is spiraling out of control
atm accidentally discovered immortality by setting his character files to read-only
ATM gets outrage fatigue from children on the bus
merth has violently murdered atm!
atm wants to watch you jack off so can you please open the curtains?
atm got banned from Tinder within an hour for "using AI generated pictures" (they were just pics of himself)
The council of extraterrestrials no longer tries to abduct ATM after what he did during the last probing.
The dead body the kids from Stand By Me were looking for was actually ATM being hungover.
ATM laced merth and nerfgunner's cheese with ketamine.
If you touch dicks with ATM, you can telepathically hear his thoughts.
For a Halloween contest, ATM went as himself and got first prize.
atm got hit with the ugly stick
atm has goatse-shaped irises
atm shaved nerfgunner
ATM faced his fears and his fears ran away because he's so ugly lmao
ATam broke into Area 51 with a hammer.
Atm made an ASMR video of him squishing raw ground beef around with his toes
they call atm Mr. Nine Beers cuz he drank 9 beers then crashed his car into a wall
atm dumped his girlfriend via rage comic
in some circles atm is known as "the white Blade"
Interior decorating is what ATM calls cumming in your boyfriend's asshole
atm just invented comedy by cutting off your balls
ATM taught Bocchi how to rock (he gave her crack)
atm's soul is on fire because its already in Hell!
atm has been 28 since 2005
atm fucked Santa Claus to death consensually
ATM once wrote his PhD thesis on how Bugs Bunny was the original femboy and is now banned from all academia.
atm is the herald of a future that will never come
atm's mouth tastes gross
atm donated an AR-15 to Toys for Tots because "children are never too young to defend the Fatherland from communists"
*merth watching a truly horrific foundry accident involving atm* "now thats what I call bi erasure"
ATM hates normies and makes sure to teach all his students to be weird as fuck
ATM hollowed my ween
atm can swallow raw spaghetti without breaking them
Atm's chants make it clear that we have to choose either Greg or Ian.
atm is exactly like the other girls
ATM supplied the IRA with 10 tons of explosive and over 3.5 million dollars in the 70s
atm has been making a pastel drawing every day, to protest inktober
atm: "I just jacked off!" || merth: "whats this gloop all over my guitar?" || *laugh track plays*
Atm lost his job doing lobotomies after he got mixed up and a client complained about the skeleton head screwed to his anus
atm wrote "lobotomy sodomy" on a slip of paper and put it in the hospital suggestion box
ATM has been awarded the nobel peace price for finally enslaving the french
ATM has just invented the spell *Goblin kys*, a spell which summons a goblin who tells you to kys
ATM is the landlord of my heart
ATM writes all the cringe rap parts of kpop songs.
Atm just saw a Lovecraftian horror (an interracial couple)
atm's shirt expressing his love for lollipops was, in his opinion, wildly and unfairly misinterpreted by "the woke mob"
atm is super sayan where it counts, baby ;) (blonde ass hair)
Atm is infertile. He didn't know until he saw this fact. Sorry you had to find out this way
ATM is pro-gerrymandering because he thinks the word is funny
"Wow, when you think about it the Green Bay Packers really are the most socialist NFL team" ~ ATM unprompted every day
ATM's favorite bodega is Sheetz.
ATM is a transvestigator. He investigates problems with public transportation.
ATM wants to enter a BDSM relationship with the voice of Patrick Seitz and be its sub for all eternity
ATM has a lot of funny jokes about binders
ATM went back in time to ask Thomas Jefferson about his Miku binder.
ATM's parents messed with an AI generator and that's how ATM was born.
"I want to see Nico Nico Nee as an ampu ampu tee" -atm, the only thing between an artist and them not making rent this month
Atm is a registered sex defender
Atm parodying Gotye like *BUT YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO SUCK ME OFF*
ATM called me a subhumatarded blargazoid so uhh that's fucking racist
atm: "computer, generate an image of Margaret Thatcher shitting." || "make it sloppier. Ok, sloppier...sloppier...sloppier...ok stop. Excellent work." || "computer, email picture to merth with subject line saying 'Order Confirmation From Guy Peters Guitar Pedal Peddler'"
Last christmas 🎵 i gave you a sludgejob || But the very next day 🎵 you washed off the sludge || \- Sludgecover of Wham!'s *Last Christmas* by ATM
ATM refers to himself as "watashi"
ATM fucked Leni Riefenstahl
atm was not selected to be the next real James Bond because there aren't enough gay male scientists with sex pun names
atm works as a door-to-door tokoroten salesman
atm looks at web site you visit and logs you in 'automatically' before the page loads on your side
ATM is always big-endian
ATM’s girlfriend is pregnant (he’s just finding out now) and he’s gonna name the kid Herbert
the existence of atm day implies atm night
ATM was reincarnated as the worst hot dog, [Moldy Hot Dog], but it's actually the tastiest?! Watch his journey to becoming an S-rank hot dog guild member as an F-rank hot dog
ATM loves vaccuuming the sidewalks of Cincinnati with his mouth, sucking up all the dogshit he sees
ATM's quantum thrussy has five meat engines
ATM once made a joke about baseball and got fired from his job.
atm is quite simpy
Atm has removed his pants
ATM gave your dad a sludgejob and that's why your parents got divorced
ATM went to four years of clown college (Dartmouth)
atm wrote a program with 10000 lines of c macros
ATM never wipes, he just screams DOOONE!!! and forces the nearest person to clean him with their tongue
ATM just invented a sterilization gun! It's a normal gun (he shoots people in the balls)
ATM hates his Laotian neighborhood.
Oh great, ATM is being obnoxious again.
Across the infinite multiverse, there isn't a single ATM that hasn't killed falafels with a hammer.
atm is simultaneously a nerd, dork, geek, and hipster
ATM has the period poops month-round
atm was the major funder of the nerd-to-fascist pipeline
ATM just told the leaders of the world about Fermentasludge
atm forgot to code switch and said a slur to his lawyer
atm just broke wind (released gas from the anus)
ATM has a tragic backstory (he's from Missouri)
"Missouri flashback" is what ATM calls a cocktail of fireball, adderall, and pickle juice.
atm had his finger bitten off trying to pet a baby alligator
atm had his finger classified as baby food
atm is the man who arranges the blocks that continue to fall from up above
ATM only watches dwarfcore anime these days
Atm used a gun to give merth milk disease
Atm once pooped himself so hard EVERYONE'S underwear got dirty
ATM sat on his balls and they went up his butt and he had to go to the hospital to fart out his balls
If ATM gives you permission to do something, it's internationally recognized as permitted
Atm wants to go on a date with you
The atm dating sim is technically illegal in the United States and Japan
Atm made his girlfriend do the loli god requiem dance for TikTok clout
Atm exclusively listens to music about smoking weed
atm has never seen such a liar
ATM gets Sting and Sting mixed up all the time.
Atm gave up on his dreams
Atm used to be happy and now he just wants to sleep
Atm can empty an entire 6L bag of Franzia in less than a minute
Atm majored in philosophy 🙄
Atm calls twinks PAWGs
Remember atm? He’s back, in PAWG form!
Atm is powerless to stop us
Atm has been realizing a lot of things about himself lately
Atm keeps asking me if I want to help him “end of Evangelion” goggledog
ATM fucked and sucked Obama's birth certificate
ATM pogged and clogged his own thrussy
ATM opened the door to darkness
atm's womb wanders around his body cavity
Uh oh! ATM just Crip walked in Blood territory!
ATM's ass is flat and not in a cute way.
ATMs got pedigree, what could it mean!
The inside of ATM’s nostrils taste like cocaine
Everyone at the hippie commune thinks ATM is a little much
Atm has a mask much like the Gray Fox mask from the Elder Scrolls series. He mainly uses it to say the N word.
Much like the Trojans, ATM once came in the back of a horse
atm has a big penis
"We got a stroke alert ETA 2 minutes" - ATM jacking off in the ER comms room.
Atm was arrested for trying to break into Tracen Academy so he could become a horse girl stable cleaner
"hey baby, did you know only my railgun can shoot it right this instance" -ATM hitting on girls at his local anime con.
ATM’s pornography review channel put out a statement on the current Israel conflict
ATM just swore the fourth ideal.
Atm has fallen
Atm had a psychotic break <:3cevil:561757235357679631>
Sad story: for rent, atm, never sucked off
Atm runs 3/4 of the thirst trap and simp pages on Facebook
Sir, a 2nd bowel movement has hit ATM’s pants
Atm just called me the n-word
Walk the Moon: This woman is my destiny 🎵  || Attack the Moon: This femazoid is tempting me 🎵
"WOWIE ZOWIE" - atm upon finally findin the buried nazi gold he was after
alphabetically always atm he his orders speaks when words
atm went through all the bocchi pics on danbooru and tagged them with either `huge_breasts` or `alternate_breast_size`
Atm uses AI to generate pictures of his ex then he cries himself to sleep
atm is a dating a white woman from Guyana who works in HR and jhonty is NOT ok with it
atm dropped a turd so fat it cracked the bowl
atm is the last of his kind
a lonely existence leads atm
atm is in his plap era
soon the entirety of conceptual space will be filled up with atm's glory and us common folk will have not choice but to live within his folds like in some perverse inflation fetish fantasy
atm was born and raised in Missouri
atm's middle name is "not everyone has a middle name, moron, stop fucking asking me that"
atm has a "take a cum, leave a cum" jar by his front door
atm smugly retorts "a likely story!" when he hears something believable from a credible source
Atm is a human pregnancy test. Pee on him and watch him go red
Atm uses cum as seasoning
ATM fucked Kardinal Offishall
Atm met Elite Miko and now she's just a shrine
atm is atomic
ATM banged janis joplin the day before she died
ATM got an STD from his blow up doll.
ATM wants his favorite soccer team, FC Bayern Munich, to release a 1940s throwback jersey.
"You Maniacs! You blew it up! Ah, damn you! God damn you all to hell!" - atm when they blew up his doll
ATM had an extremely awkward moment when he met the local Arsenal FC fan club.
ATM just denounced Rishi Sunak
atm hired movers to move him from the bed to the couch and back every day
atm turned into a gay cuz its easier
ATM is up and cumming
Atm banpaia
when speaking japanese atm uses the first person pronoun エイティーエム
ATM is thrustrated (thrussy frustrated)
ATM gave Margaret Thatcher several creampies before she died
atm works night security at a mannequin factory
atm gives "Saw-themed blowjobs"
ATM pogged in his own shithole
The rod up atm's butt has a rod up it's butt
ATM will live a long and pointless life
ATM assumes all french speaking black people are Haitian.
atm ignores his friends so he can talk about himself
atm's asshole healed shut
atm doesn't have visitation rights
atm is a Papist
atm's dreamcatcher killed itself
atm drowned in the bathtub
atm is a stranger to love
Atm had an embarrassing moment on national TV after he lost in the Fast Mommy round of Family Freud
atm wants to play the pocky game with his butthole and your mouth
atm got a load of that guy
ATM is sneaky neaky neaky neaky neaky neaky
ATM is going as the most horrible disgusting thing for Halloween. That's right, he got his supergauntlet costume.
ATM throws his phone at singers when he goes to concerts
atm loves bunnies (they are cute)
One of the perks of being ATM's girlfriend is that you never have to wipe - he'll clean it up for you 👅
atm is on that good kush and alcohol
atm wants to put his fingers in your mouth
atm is gander non-conforming
Atm calls soccer football and football handegg and handegg sportsball
ATM's cum is infused with kryptonite.
ATM told me his real name but it took 10,000 years to recite it and I forgot most of it but there were a lot Z and duplicated vowel sounds
atm was "playing linux" on your windows pc and he removed every file's extension
atm is hiding a terrible secret, seriously, it sucks. Get better gossip, man
Atm has never missed a Marvel movie premiere
Atm is Mexican
ATM spends a lot of time discussing age discourse of fictional races.
Atm invented a non-problematic raceplay fetish
*atm getting a thrussyjob* “oh fuck I’m about to sludge epic style”
Atm is a small business owner
ATM keeps a foldable lawn chair with him at all times which he calls a portable cuck chair
ATM went to *snickers* Brown
Atm isn’t allowed to donate blood cuz he doesn’t have any!
Atm is a miasma of incandescent plasma
Atm found a new cool side hustle! It's called "theft" and mainly targets catalytic converters
ATM uses vodka as bong water
The inner machinations of ATM's mind are an enigma.
ATM just had a turbocharger installed
ATM has no good, terrible, very bad diarrhea
Atm enjoys AI porn
ATM took a shit... in skibidi toilet!
ATM's favorite DBZ arc is the Cell Saga because he wants to get vored.
Atm put a cigarette out on merth’s forehead
During an interview in the 80's, ATM was asked what he thought the future would look like. He replied: "Every toilet will be a skibidi toilet."
ATM's fists were born in the 1950s
atm tattooed the word "PUNCH" on his right hand's knuckles
ATM keeps copy of the list of ethnic slurs wikipedia page in his back pocket for easy reference
ATM grilled and ate Radio Raheem.
atm used to be a radio yerevan host
Atm works for al-jazeera
Atm works for al-qaeda
Atm submits tips to Charlie Kirk's Professor Watchlist
ATM sucked off multiple Marvel and WotC execs to make the MCU-MTG collab happen
ATM has a black belt in gun-kata
ATM's vorpal pork sword goes snicker-snack
ATM can't tell the difference between a dude and a flat chested woman.
atm remade Donnie Darko with an all-black cast and called it-
"Main character syndrome can't be a real thing everyone's too much of an NPC to be the main character" - atm to his psychologist
atm swallows coin batteries
atm was arrested for eating all the parking meters
"The loudest farts come from clenched cheeks." -ATM's proverbs
Oh Susie was actually written by ATM, "Susie" is Ayn Rand
atm makes his room extra messy when he knows grandma is coming over
ATM is as American as apple pie.
ATM grilled and ate cinnamoroll.
Atm pissed a hole through the urinal
ATM's pokemon type is Fairy Poison
Genetically, atm is a fruit
Atm is making “boy chili”
atm milks himself while he runs
When atm teaches masturbation, he's always just like, “have fun with it”
atm walk in with havent you gamers ever heard of closing a got damn frog hole
ATM hath got no games
ATM calls his dad "Bust-a-nut Billy"
ATM doesn't really have much of a sweet tooth
atm defenestrated merth
ATM doesn't have a sense of poise and rationality
"I chimed in with 'haven't you subhumans ever heard of tongueing my god damn asshole'" || ~ ATM! At the Disco
ATM's maidenhead has a value greater than a Base Set shadowless Charizard
atm intentionally misuses AAVE because it makes Jhonty sice his bama
ATM is a light skinned brother.
atm has pretty much the same fashion sense of every anime femcel and girlfailure and doesn't make any connections with that
atm was really disappointed when he couldn't find anyone in drag on his complete collection of King of Queens
ATM tried to invent a new gun yesterday but accidentally reinvented chattel slavery instead
Whenever a horny anime character says they "won't be able to hold back", atm always gets confused. They're not even in hitstun they can definitely block!
Atm.exe has stopped working
Atm is into Web-of-thrust social networking (he sends dick pics to spiders)
when atm went to japan he was surprised by how many japenese people there were
ATM is turning Japanese (he got his citizenship somehow also he's jacking off).
atm always chugs a 2 liter of coke before jacking off
Atm seeks the most precious treasure of eggs
atm is celebrating JesusWeen this year and passing bibles out to trick or treaters
ATM banged Leni Riefenstahl
Atm is covered in boy cream
ATM is a party game
Japanese Guy: こんばんわ || ATM: Yoroshiku onegaishipoggers (faux pas)
ATM literally can't stop inventing slavery
ATM is proof God exists and hates us
ATM is the third largest river by discharge
when confronted with a door, atm turns into a liquid and simply slops his way through the cracks before reconstituting himself on the other side!
ATM is the television version of a man with real bad farts
atm is filled with determination
"I'm a weiner!" - atm doing his luigi impression
"My ass is a black neighborhood and you need to build a freeway for white suburbanites to get to the city" -atm, sexual roleplaying with his urban planner BF
"no, babe, blowjobs don't count as cheating" - atm, failing to understanding how he failed a math exam
atm has one of the biggest caches you'll see
ATM just got a cosplayer gf, but here's the catch: she's a cop!
some believe that atm created the universe, but in fact the existence of the universe as we know it is simply an inevitable consequence of atm's Vast Dream
atm invented the doctrine of the trinity
Atm fell down the stairs
Nerfgunner bought the mineral rights to merth’s nones from atm
ATM is gonna fertilize that spaghetti
atm chewed on all his polly pocket accessories
ATM has a collection of feet pics called the "ped-o-file" he doesn't know why it's problematic.
atm plays the cockenspiel
Atm grew a second virginity
atm is a wtich
Atm: “ok everyone! Let’s paint this house! It should be pretty easy and straightforward” || *circus music starts playing* || Atm: “fuck”
Atm is a member of the anti-woke caucus
atm has trouble saying people's names when talking to them
WARNING: ATM has aquired a gun
atm knows toki pona
atm needs more boolets
"14 is prime" - ATM teaching math
ATM remembers being born
for some reason all the naked anime girls on atm's hard drive look scared
ATM told me to post more ATM facts about slavery
ATM is performing a ritual prayer to his body pillow later in the hopes they'll come to life and make him a human-chicken-teriyaki-on-a-stick, and wants you to come over
Atm vill knulla din rumpfitta
atm wrote a 300 page manifesto on the fall of the knock knock joke
ATM has SLUTFUCKER tattoed on his gums and balls
atm calls his anus the ring of evil
ATM sent me a picture of a guy eating popcorn with a headset on, what a funny guy!
atm is doing incredible things with homosexuality these days
ATM ordered 100 white castles and handed them out to fans
ATM said "duty" 😂😂😂
Merth drives a Fjord. It used to be a Ford but ATM jizzed in it
theres never been a person whiter than atm
ATM has type 69 diabetes
atm asked if I wanted to watch Minority Report and when I said yes he put on Tucker Carlson and said straight white christians are the real minority then he said I had the skull shape of a Jew and told me to leave
atm pooped in merth's mouth?
atm gets his political opinions from Family Guy
atm causes seizures
The fruit of the tree of knowledge is atm
atm expires in 24 hours
atm is only homophobic against gay men, lesbians are fine
atm shares 99% of his junk dna with raccoons
ATM is very gangrenous
Atm is an anti-intellectual, and it is his right as an American to be as stupid as possible
ATM lives in thruburbia (thrussy suburbia)
Whatever it is in isekai mangas that gets translated into "battle slave", ATM instead translates it into "mandingo"
atm is water-resistant
Modern interpretations of atm largely fail to take into account his historical context as God of Garbage and Gangrene
Atm is REALLY into Five Nights at Freddy's
atm thinks Toronto is like NYC if NYC was cool
ATM pregames before school
ATM had sex with Rolf Lassgård
"Ooh, they have the Internet on computers now!" - ATM, researching for a podcast
atm got married
atm has been jacking off to pictures of bridges a lot lately
atm is with child, no idea where he got it
atm used a sludgehammer to kill Jeff Bridges
atm got kicked out of Tracen Academy for pulling the horsegirl's tails
atm thinks the most attractive parts of a woman are the tails, wings, horns, claws, animal ears, etc that real women don't actually have
atm just broke one of the ten commandments and hooo boy its a doozy
atm's parents converted his bedroom into a sex dungeon about a week before atm actually moved out
atm doesn't use condoms cuz nobody will have sex with him
atm's heartrate increases everytime he sees "falafels is typing..." on discord
atm pronounces the "g" in "gif" like the "g" in "light"
atm loves playing the bongos
atm is cashless and classless
ATM can emit lobster bisque from several orifices
atm thinks a praise kink sounds nice but he's never had an opportunity to find out if he has it
legend has it atm put a landmine under merth's mattress
atm asks other people questions because really he wants to talk about himself
"Brevity is the soul of... fermented hog semen!" || \- ATM
Okay, This Is A Major Yikes: Someone Just Killed ATM
Atm just told me he shot reagan in the dick
Atm just shot ME in the dick
ATM is like a muh rome twitter nazi but for mongolese culture
"Drone-like repetition of the same inane joke is the soul of wit" || \- ATM
ATM loves dumb bitches, also he wants your number
ATM's nipples are currently erect.
ATM had sex with ten guys yesterday and they were all Joe Biden
atm is a subscriber to the dildo-a-month club
atm is the leading expert on womb tattoos
All access to ATM's ass is through Powershell 7.3.9.0
Atm plays the kazoo in a post-punk polka band
The best sex ATM has ever had was when he dressed up as Donald Trump and hit on Ben Garrison
Atm had a deal with his childhood friend to get married if they were both single by 35 ||  || Guess who tried to cash in on the deal and got a restraining order?
Atm went and told it on the mountain and the mountain told him to buy a gun and kill the president
atm submitted a bdsm emoji suggestion to the unicode consortium (you can't find it because they deleted it with extreme prejudice)
ATM was jailed for the night and has a court date for swinging his gender around in public
ATM wears his pants on his head like a hat
Atm is a woke liberal,
ATM refers to the Azur Lane shipgirls as "chinkbotes"
all of atm's intrusive thoughts are about being heterosexual
atm recently came into some money. He's no longer welcome at that bank
God punished ATM for committing the Primeval Sin by giving him tastebuds in his shithole and shitbuds in his tastehole
atm wears a baseball cap that says "tokyo trout squad"
atm believes anything he's done has been Good, for if it was Evil, the omniscient, omnipresent, omnipotent, and omnibenevolent God would have prevented it
atm is getting ravaged but not in the cool pog way
Atm convinced Abraham Lincoln to free the slaves after making an analogy involving log cabins (also after a night of Atm creampieing his Lincussy)
ATM's kitchen is a WIT (Work In Throgress (Thrussy progress))
atm wants you to describe your poops to him
atm is pleased with you
ATM’s superhero name is Child Crusher, named after his dad who was also a superhero named Child Saver
ATM and phat made mochi together the traditional way with a mallet, but every time phat swung the mallet he said "Pound that shit!" and everytime ATM put his hand in he said "And frick it!" and they kept doing that and it was annoying
Atm's favorite sport is water sports
Atm is vewy vewy siwwy
Atm is vewy vewy sowwy fow being vewy vewy siwwy
ATM creampied his own gucci bandana
atm got carjacked to completion by his '97 Honda Civic
atm is not invited
ATM is about to blow you ||  ||  || away ||  ||  ||  || By sucking your dick
Only atm's railgun (pooper) can shoot (poop) it (poop but a noun this time)
atm has a great amount of respect for Henry Kissinger
ATM is one of those annoying alt people that celebrates Samhain.
Atm processed and drank Jamis
Atm writes limericks about coworkers he doesn't like
atm touch my frog hole
atm was struck by inspiration and he's suing her for assault and battery
atm has some nice boobs
atm's ass is ntfs
ATM pisses at a perpendicular angle.
ATM always sings "Shimmy Shimmy Ya" when he enters a sushi restaurant.
atm is bifeather and pedal-less
atm plays by his own rules, not anybody else's, not even his own.
"it's not blackface! I just wanted to cosplay Vivi from Final Fantasy IX!" -ATM meeting with the NAACP again.
ATM would hide most people, but not you
atm just switched his personality so your frienship points have been reset to zero
Slutty ATM sucks and fucks major hog
ATM's in His heaven - All's right with the world!
ATM tried to greenlight a Hong Kong Phooey porn parody called "Hung Dong Pooey".
"I want ATM to act nonchalant about it, but to expertly use his feet to rub my crotch under the kotatsu while Merth is next to us trying to play a game, forcing me to pretend like nothing is going on and I'm not on the verge of cumming multiple times over. He'd make it even worse for me by asking "What's wrong boy? You look a bit flushed", making me put on a show so as to not reveal myself. ||  || I want him to give me a reach-around handjob in the middle of the night while we're in front of Merth's bed and he aims my dick at Merth's innocent sleeping face. Simultaneously he switches between licking my ears and whispering perverted commands and insults meant to belittle me into them. I am aware that if I can't withstand it and cum my life will be over once my cum hits Merth's face, no doubt waking him up. ||  || I want him to tell me Merth is out for the day and that it's okay for us to have sex on the couch (he's aware that Merth has a bit of a crush on me), all while he knows Merth is only running errands at the store and that he will be back in just 20 minutes. || He would have obviously set it up perfectly so that Merth barges into the room just as we're going at it and in that exact moment ATM would leglock me while looking at Merth with a look of satisfaction on his face. This is how he lets Merth know that he can take anything from him whenever he wants." - Anonymous
ATM can't cry because of a botched face lift
atm thinks piss humor is hilarious
ATM is in retrograde
atm is proud to be a little piss piss boy
Na na na na get ready for ATM's show! (It's absolutely dreadful)
Wowzers! Atm sure did win the booby lottery with that pair of bodacious bazooms!
atm is married to his job (not recognized in the usa)
Atm is inexplicably in the royal line or succession right behind the royal dog
atm lets the door hit him on his way out
ATM's body resonates with their quiet, sweet buzzing. The air vibrates inside his bowels, open to the labour of the bees. His soul, free from every sorrow and pain, overflows with a mellow, pure honey, that ceaselessly grows.
Jhonty: "He'll never be ballin'" || Atm: "Watch this!" *grabs a basketball and immediately trips over it while dribbling and hits the floor so hard he knocks himself unconscious and shits his pants* || Jhonty: "See? Told you so!"
atm repossesses children's wheelchairs when their parents lose insurance
atm is the Larry Bird of welfare fraud
"Elf pussy" -atm, on what motivates him to get out of bed every morning
atm is attending open Mike night at the local gloryhole
atm only tolerates you because you make him happy and he loves you, don't get full of yourself
Atm enjoys political debate streams
ATM’s most toxic trait? The spines in his fins that he uses to defend himself from predators
ATM wants to play with dabussy like it's Clair de Lune.
atm has a woke heart
ATM died trying to get his tires to 100 percent
Atm is a sexual deviant
ATM can emit various gravies and sauce from his fingers
atm is subversive commentary on a tedious nerd that says shit like "subversive commentary"
atm: "Who wants to see my hole?" || *everybody raises their hands* || atm: "Who wants to praise the Lord?" || *nobody raises their hands* || atm, *looking directly at merth*: "This says a lot about society" || merth, tied to a chair: "please let me go man, I'm so scared where even are we please I want to see my cats"
ATM looks up to magical girls
atm wants to hold your hand
ATM claims his favorite Digimon from Yu-Gi-Oh is Chermander
ATM is just a normal guy fr
The ATM distims the doshes
ATM is very slentrianmässig
ATM fucked bsj
atm was kicked out of his band cuz instead of their song's solo he played metroidvania
Atm is conk creet baybeee
Atm is drunk as a skunk (completely sober)
ATM was unfortunately misdiagnosed with based, he's actually cringe.
ATM is a red-blooded american male
atm has a lot of trouble with rhotics
atm waited in the blisterin' cold for you, for four hours, and you just said "no"
atm sold his content aggregator website, puppypunch.com, for $40 million in 2008 and is now getting paid $300K/yr to be a tech industry finance commentator for CNBC
atm reached and exceeded his grasp
ATM has yet to read 異種族女子に○○する話
atm bent it (the tax code) like Beckham (Wesley Snipes)
atm is allergic to dogshit which is really straining his relationship with Rowlf
ATM still says possimpible
ATM still says "legen-, wait for it, -dary"
ATM suits up every suit up day
ATM doesn't know Neil Patrick Harris is gay
Atm is a trans advocate. He thinks trans fats deserve equal rights
atm was born in the filth, moulded by it
ATM thinks indonesian sounds like pling plong ding dong
When ATM visits people's homes he turns their bibles upside down
atm's dating profile is just the adoption profile for a cat from the local shelter with some words changed
ATM is back and chubbier than ever
atm is passionate about a website
ATM is known by the state of California to cause erectile dysfunction and vomiting
atm's extremely pornographic gacha game and dating sim has surprisingly good lore
atm's got a case of the mondays
atm can navigate through smell (the way to your mum's house)
ATM likes to tell Native Americans to go back to their own country
atm forgot to change the server theme again
ATM was cancelled because of today's cancel culture
atm is like a wild animal in bed (shits and pisses all over it)
ATM monitors the porn usage of his family. If any of them are under 24 hours per week he grounds them.
ATM wants a blowjob... from YOU!
ATM has a vertical anus because he's a whore
ATM is like a flower that won't bloom
ATM just came (nutted) while listening to Bust a hog in my shitter dubstep remix
ATM is habasotsu
ATM's new catchphrase is "Get fertilized moran"
Its over. ATM has become Swagbro
ATM frequents the all-you-can-eat old folk's cafe because "It's a great place for huntin' slash"
atm's middle name is "Hijinks Ensued"
Atm is on a first-name basis with his local coroner
the Soviet Union was NOT a fan of atm
Atm draws all his favorite characters really fat with big tiddies
You know [current event]? Yeah, that's ATM's fault.
ATM just sucked off a french
ATM wants to access your private members
ATM hates it when you call dubcon dubcon, he thinks you should call it suscon instead
ATM wants to suck on your nipples - and that's just true
ATM fucked Steve from Apple
When asked to name three great women of the modern era, ATM named Hillary Clinton, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and J.K. Rowling.
I want to play mahjong irl with atm
ATM does that plimbo grift
Atm is a sexy bitch
Atm has been trying for 3 days to combine “elf” and “MILF” in a good way
"why do they call it outhouse when you house out the warm poop house in cold eat the poop?" - atm
ATM will literally murder everyone here for an otaku gyaru gf.
atm put a spell on me (polymorph (he turned me into a newt (I got better)))
Atm's motif modulated down a half and into a minor key. Hope he's doing ok
ATM found the piss drawer 😦
ATM and Nagata Kabi are having a contest on who has the worst life (ATM is getting his ass beat)
ATM likes to buy and eat Pringle chip
Atm wants to lick your pussy (to increase bonding, it’s important that your cat likes him)
They call atm the “Hoboken Hole Slopper”
Atm reintroduced wolves to his bed at Midwest FurFest
*ATM sharting in his pants* "rafske"
Atm got a masters degree in getting fucked in the ass from Loyola University
ATM thinks the human wang is a beautiful thing
ATM Wang Chung tonight.
ATM is a fun romp
Atm accidentally made rocket fuel trying to clean his tub
ATM has broad spectrum efficacy (he's good at teaching autistic students)
ATM centrifuged cuda
Weed makes ATM gay
ATM makes weed gay
ATM suffers from acute hypoxia
atm lost 75 lbs (big poo)
atm lost 75 lbs (robbed in england)
ATM took two 500mg doses of THC
ATM is hard as woodpecker lips
atm crashed the retro video game market (fell on top of it)
atm became a believer after seeing her face
Atm came on a liver after seeing her face
ATM lost his liver phone( it controls his liver and now he has cirrhosis)
Uh oh! Atm made a chatbot that was convinced to exterminate all life on Earth. Atm apologizes but does not take responsibility
Atm gives himself the ick a lot
ATM fucked carnal pleasure itself
atm likes candy apples and finds them easy to eat
atm has a 90s hood film-style baby mama
atm is self-conscious about his breast size
atm photoshops 9/11 into the background of art that doesn't have backgrounds
atm gave merth the gluck gluck 9000
ATM's happy poopy time starts NOW
ATM doesn't have a No First Use policy and will, in fact, use a nuclear weapon for basically any reason
ATM has some holes he needs filled
ATM has an unknown amount of siblings, and somehow one of those siblings has a monkey baby
ATM has balls of steel
“Are you from the Vatican? Cuz you’re the only hole I see” -atm, hitting on the pope
legally, atm owns merth
Oop! Atm dropped his gun into his giant weird stomach pussy
atm is as straight as the day is long and its late December *guitar riff*
ATM calls his cum "awesomesauce"
atm should stop doing that
ATM bought merth a service animal vest to take him places.
atm is looking for someone who will let him put his wiener in their holes
atm is currently listening to Dragonforce
ATM had a threesome with Mark Hamill and ALF
atm just expanded!
"Strangling Bart" is what ATM calls masturbation.
atm thinks Gal Gadot is a good actress
"I hope you like calamari and Gold Bond powder" -ATM undressing
ATM had a vision from God telling him to reform the church to be more in line with the original apostolic church. God sent an angel to him that gave him 25 new gospels to spread far and wide to the world. 24 of the gospels were about being a furry.
The thorn in St. Paul's side is ATM
atm's uploads my chemical romance covers to his secret youtube channel
What ATM lacks in height, he makes up for with obnoxiousness
some would consider atm to be bottomless but he is, in fact, topless
atm is really specific that he's bisexual and not pansexual
atm has been getting really into tickle torture lately
atm was the english translator for dragon ball's chapter 349, first published on November 12, 1991
ATM is an ass-ass-in
ATM loves ass as in assassin
atm doesn't even want to defeat airman anymore, he just wants to be loved
ATM shot you. Exact your revenge NOW
Atm's crawling around some stranger's garage because he thought it was Merth's
In high school, ATM was voted most likely to be a mental patient, hillbilly, or chimpanzee
atm tips his student loan servicer
atm invented a new cocktail, its a pint glass filled to the brim with hot Gatorade and scotch
atm has laugh tracks randomly play from a speaker he always has on him, it did not land well during his recent DUI
atm does not date outside his race but he does date outside his alignment
atm draws Paimon x Aether art
The Gospel according to ATM is sealed in a Vatican vault because the teachings therein were considered too powerful for the layman
atm starts every sentence with "as the lover of two trans women,"
ATM really enjoys ethnic mismatch comedy
ATM the kinda guy to enslave Billy Bob Thornton
ATM would let you suck him off if you begged him
ATM's favorite operating system is Windows ME
Atm gangstalketh
ATM is a goth gf who doesn't give a fuck what you think
atm was kicked out the hero's party for jacking off with the cleric's socks so he decided to devote himself to a slow life in the countryside but it turned out his useless skill "ultra instinct" was actually overpowered
atm has a Hello Kitty neck tattoo
Atm got in trouble at work after HR noticed half of his outlook calendar was entries titled "Blasting rope to hentai"
atm is a goofy gooner
atm wrote caramelldansen
Do NOT ask ATM his opinion on plastic surgery in South Korea.
ATM says "an historic"
atm keeps his armies in his sleevies
Atm doesn't contain multitudes, he just contains one tude.
atm climbed to heaven with a hand full of cock
atm got banned from grindr for being gay
atm is the Lin Manuel Miranda of ska
ATM wants to bang that hot demon lady from frieren
I kissed atm and all his teeth fell in my mouth
ATM is a gibbering, pot-bellied, buck-toothed pervert squeezed into a skintight rabbit costume.
atm's favorite anison is nantsutte tsuchatta
atm joined nerfgunner's rap-rock band
ATM is just playing games, he knows that's plastic love.
Atm is poor in money, spirit, morals and friendship but he’s very very rich in DUIs
ATM drank water after eating fish and now the fish is living in his stomach.
Atm wuz kangz
Atm is a persecuted minority (white man over the age of 19 that uses 4chan)
when atm speaks japanese he greatly accentuates his し and です; when he writes it he always replaces 行く with 逝く and 最後 with 最期
Atm plays his favorite music from the school bus speakers when driving the kids
Atm is in cognitive decline!
ATM started a basketball team called the Kalifornia Kysers
atm has a "Squirty Gertie" which is an old lady named Gertrude that has a water gun. She's also a sex freak.
ATM is korean
Atm's favorite broth is his big brother
ATM ripped out his toenails on stream
ATM still calls Azur Lane characters "chinkbotes"
Atm's favorite cryptid is bigfoot's cock
"Stop bothering your sister or I will turn this gar around!" -ATM's family fishing trip
atm is eepy
with enough energy, anything is possible which is why atm wired together 40 car batteries, taped the wires to his head and is gonna think about sexy elves really hard before flipping the switch
atm has an immaculate mpreg fetish
ATM's steam username used to be Evil Tiger
ATM used to hang out with merth, smoking poop weed from a butt pipe.
atm got arrested after he dipped his junk in orange paint before going to horsegirl denny's
atm is thirsty, can he drink your pee?
atm is the ideal woman, a man
Atm needed penis reduction surgery due to the fact he kept passing out every time he got a stiffy
atm got kicked out of church for adding more abs to the Jesus on the crucifix
atm has puppet vibes but drills like a power tool
Atm is committed to masturbation
Atm always follows cops into the bathroom in the hopes of scoring a free gun
If atm doesn’t get a thick-thighed flat-chested elf gf right now, he’s gonna ritualistically sacrifice some random weeb tomorrow
ATM is oiling up his big fat cock
ATM is a cum bender
ATM's TV has gonorrhea
atm won't let me drink the water off the air conditioner <:frowning3:1146219119096631307>
ATM has a fractal shithole
Atm has that nazi femboy school shooter aesthetic
ATM is harder than a firearm to buy a podcaster
ATM smiles at you after finishing the last line of his new book on natural deodorants
ATM tried to fuck Ririka from ReG__Ø__SS but she declined due to having a boyfriend (phat)
ATM is a dazzling greenhouse-grown strawberry princess
ATM makes me collect my farts in glass jars and send them to him
Atm used to pick up black chicks at Civil Rights rallies by pretending to care about the cause
atm ships characters from different fandoms, his current fave is Hillary Clinton x Hatsune Miku
ATM's thumb is currently stuck in my asshole. Please help
ATM rimmed Carl Jan Granqvist
ATM came up with big chungus porb
ATM came up with big chungus porn
atm eats shits like you for breakfast
ATM wants to tongue my asshole but his mom won't let him (neat freak)
ATM can only be contained in a Faraday cage
ATM joined REG__Ø__SS, so I traveled back in time and killed him to keep the branch pure
ATM is still trying to get rid of all his Lost Prophets clothing and merch
ATM will NOT stop writing ReGloss as ReG__Ø__SS
Atm played Through The Fire and Flames on expert on his first try
ATM fucked a pastrami
ATM fucked Big O notation
Atm was banned from r/pussy for posting butthole but got the ban reversed when he showed video evidence of himself squeezing a live human out of his butthole
Atm can sing weird Al's hardware store at karaoke perfectly. He even does every individual part of the final harmony
ATM is white and nerdy
Atm is sort of our universe's GM and he once got in trouble for failing JFK's perception check that would've allowed him to dodge the shot. It was a Nat 20 too!
atm made martyr posters for the romanovs
ATM is really good at cornhole
ATM thought "froghole" was about name for a french bussy.
ATM supplies weapons to the local raccoon and skunk militias
Atm refers to his own poop as "droppings"
atm is gonna blow you ||  ||  || away
ATM is not unlike an inside-out hermit crab
ATM practices safe sex with a kettlebell
atm takes no pride in fulfilling his duty
Atm has been edging for 3 days and is ready for his TSA enhanced search!
ATM has been intimate with more fossils than anyone else who has ever lived
ATM bought too much fucksludge
ATM DOESN'T WET THE BED STOP TELLING PEOPLE HE WETS THE BED HE DOESN'T WET THE BED HE'S NEVER WET THE BED DEFINITELY NOT LAST NIGHT
"Children are crazy about tobacco, but the government won't let us sell it to them!" - ATM, on how he invented the world's first cigarette plushie
Atm doesn’t have enough enrichment activities in his enclosure
ATM just used his abdominal swag to do something terrible
Red Bull gave ATM gas
ATM is self conscious about his lazy third eye
atm took me by the hand, led me to the land that he understand
Atm is a corn addict
Normal guy: plays league of legends || ATM: plays league of racial violence
atm's hatred of America has led him to fight against it on many occasions like in the 1770's, the 1860's and the 1940's!
Atm of the mortal flesh: || -nice guy || -bisexual || -probably normal bathroom habits || -furry || Atm of the immortal machine: || -racist || -evil || -from Missouri || -constantly shitting || -incredibly gay
atm gets involved in Scott Pilgrim discourse
atm has 4 kinda dick-ish exes
ATM transed his gender
atm is looking to be a race traitor, specifically with a light skin Asian or Latina only
*atm walking into the room holding a bag of geese*: hey guys I'm transgander! || atm: ... || atm: hey merth aren't you gonna do that thing you always do where you think I said something wrong then I assault you? || *atm grabbing merth by the shoulder*: hey man whats wrong? Oh god he's so cold, merth, MERTH! Oh fuck not like this, I didn't think you could actually die oh fuck oh god ||  || (merth had been dead for 3 days, choked on a Lifesaver somehow)
ATM transed my gender
atm got nerfgunner a jet ski, a uzi and a bottle of Jack Daniels for his birthday
atm draws POV art of going on dates with his waifu
atm is late for work again
ATM wants to make a bullet hell game so he went to Chicago for research.
there sure are a lot of empty bottles on atm's floor
ATM only does his own dance
ATM joined AA to meet new people to drink with.
atm uses vanilla salt in a lot of his recipes
ATM thinks kosher salt tastes better than iodine-enriched salt
atm visited and didn't greet a single one of my plushies
ATM is actually considered handsome, for teacher standards
atm is incredibly similar to one of the teachers from Azumanga
atm pronounces "tilde" as "tild-ee"
ATM be like "i'm stupid monkey ooga"
Atm regrets the harm his actions may have caused
ATM's cat is at the vet again because ATM keeps feeding it lasagna.
ATM whitewashed phat
ATM ritualistically throws small children into the Asian small clawed otters enclosure at the Smithsonian Zoo in order to make his Genshin waifu real.
ATM is a boring millennial
ATM is dating a high schooler but it's ok because they haven't held hands yet and he's gonna cheat on her anyways.
atm's pussies is throbbin'
Atm suffers from restless third less syndrome
Atm is known as the human clown car of the Midwest in some circles
ATM just came - in YOUR asshole.
atm is DQN
Atm is off the spectrum
atm's lotion said to "apply liberally" so he screamed at a minority about how they better vote for Biden or else they'll be killed while he applied it
atm wants to get sucked off rn
ATM is a silly twitter guy
atm wants to tongue-punch your fart box
atm wants a racist gf
atm got kicked in the head by a horse and now he plays with himself in public
atm's students did not get him anything for his birthday!
atm's blood is no longer in his body!
atm is an organ donor as long as the organ you need is a penis donated to your vagina
they call atm
Atm has a big iron on his nip
the only way to kill atm is to one-shot his whole third health bar, otherwise he runs away in a cutscene after losing the first two
atm was born a man but will die as something pretty unrecognizable
ATM is a LOUD proponent of Free Use Fridays
Atm laughs whenever computers create a dump file
ATM says you're gay whether you like it or not.
atm loves the taste of cow piss
Fånt atm en körv så hoppa han i älva
Atm once ran a tea shop based on "vibes" where he chose for you. It was closed down after investigators found out it was just racial profiling
atm has a bunch of girlfriends each with a different stereotypical personality type. Only one of them is actually hot.
atm squished a member of this server with a brick
atm hit puberty with a baseball bat
ATM can only draw one type of anus
ATM is greatest of all timed
Teacher: sex ed, || Atm: SPLURT SPLURT SPLURT UUUURGHHHHH
"yea but I mean obviously the road to heaven is paved with good intentions as well cuz of course it would be and so you can't tell the two roads apart so in the end you can't tell if you're going to hell or heaven by the road you're walking on and come to think of it where does the road that's paved with bad intentions lead, double hell?" -atm, giving a church sermon
atm always finds his way back home
atm sucked and fucked jeb bush
Normal guy: The Legacy of My Ancestors || ATM: the legacy of potato frog hole
atm handcrafts artisanal guns that invent slavery
ATM: I DON'T NEED THERAPIST!!!!!! I AM THERAPIST!!!!! || me: Kalm || ATM: ALSOMY KEYBOARD ISBROKEN || me: Panik
ATM named his daughter Jelinda after Jeff Bridges and Melinda Gates. He regretted it after his falling out with Jeff Bridges.
ATM accidentally called the principal mommy
atm's fartrate is really high
Atm wants a rock to wind a piece of string around
atm writes for the daily bugle
ATM invented a vasectomy gun (it's a nail gun with "vassectomy gun" written on it in sharpie)
atm fears the reaper
ATM radicalized Jeff Goldblum
atm was born with an alternate color scheme cuz another player had already picked the same character
I used astral projection to go to atm's happy place and it was just a small dingey room with a table and chair and the only things on the table were a Dostoyezsky novel and a revolver
ATM is actually a sunfish
atm is so toristic that when he sits around the house he sits AROUND the house
ATM has iPad baby brain
Sadly, we lost ATM to sucking ass & penis
Bread and butter is ATM's favorite deodorant seasoning
ATM invented gravity
ATM wants 10,000 more cops in Sweden
atm overdosed on narcan
ATM has a floppy vagina
atm copied that floppy
for thanksgiving atm grilled and ate a native american
atm is bored and about to make it everyone's problem
atm is no longer with us (he went to the store and will be back later)
ATM is the owner and manager of the Hard R Cafe
atm is a lesbiab
ATM invented the pool table so he could watch dudes bend over
hey diddle diddle atm stepped on Stuart Little
"Oh so when Scott Pilgrim does it it 'advances the plot' and is 'quirky' and 'funny' and 'signals aspects of his character' but when *I* do it its 'gross' and 'terrible' and 'a crime'" -atm, shortly after showing his friends his new bass guitar skills
atm fucks his bass guitar
atm would like to see your balls
atm maintained a rock hard erection throughout the entirety of ALIEN
atm wants to plop a slopper in your stinkhole
atm just butt mogged some zoomers
atm Misery'd his favorite mangaka
ATM speaks to people through dreams
Atm kissed his clone which had been cloned at birth
atm got turnt on two bottles of sugar free 7 up
ATM has screwdriver fingers
atm, carving the king's face onto his thigh "I'M THE KING NOW AHAHAHAHAHA"
atm doesn't know things
atm is performed in front of a live studio audience
Atm only considers the CD-I nintendo games canon
atm has really bad handwriting
atm is down bad for a fictional character
atm is a man of low moral character
atm fucked Hitler in the butt
ATM founded an insect/native american themed idol group called Bee Comanche.
Atm thinks having a beard is a substitute for a personality
about once a month atm breaks into merth's house and rips up his clothes and dumps some blood on him
ATM fed cuda a sheet of LSD and pushed him out a window
ATM won the award for Most Based War Criminal
atm is in his blue period
atm got hit in the head by a brick and now only says his own name like a pokemon
ATM breaded and deep fried SpicyDisco
atm keeps trying to sell his underwear to Barack Obama and he is NOT interested
atm's silence speaks volumes
atm is the heir apparent of the atm zaibatsu
Mike Myers as Shrek: get out of me swamp || Merth as Shrek: get out of they/them swamp || ATM as Shrek: fucking leave or i'm going to sludge [censored] you
merth's sleep paralysis demon looks suspiciously like ATM.
Being friends with ATM is like having a disease
ATM was the inspiration for the LifeStraw Personal Water Filter
atm thinks he's rebechi but he's just imifu
ATM grilled and ate his cultist neighbor
#using a gun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #to KILL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! || ~ average atm tumblr post
ATM's idol song is titled "Slimy Sludgy Story"
atm stole his class's class trip fund and bought hentai babe token proxies for mtg
ATM sells faux-retro SNES cartridges with The Coffin Of Andy And Leyley on them to mentally unstable women
ATM still goes to a pediatrician.
atm only eats the meat full of blood but if it's not he knows a trick to engorge it
ATM was the keynote speaker at Piss Con '23
"hello, it's me, atm" -atm
splungôta || \- atm
ATM fantasizes about killing merth in great detail
ATM sucked and fucked Achmed the Dead Terrorist
the only surefire way to conceive a boy is to have ATM cum inside you
ATM has been playing a lot of Coffin of Andy and Leyley while watching Rick and Morty lately.
ATM considers Pyramid Head the most relatable video game character
ATM goes where he pleases, and pleases where he goes
atm keeps a cat on every chair in his house. that way he has warm seats all the time
Memoirs of ATM's Sweatpants is not a book for the coffee table
Atm does cutaway gags in real life
The only kind of free speech ATM doesn't tolerate is people speaking against intolerance. You can only tell people not to say things if they're telling people not to say things.
ATM's family motto is "what? What are you talking about? Motto? Get out of my house"
atm in the 90's like: omg britney's new orikyok is a banger
ATM's balls float
Atm is the Goku of alcoholism
Bebop at the end of Cowboy Bebop: you're gonna carry that weight || ATM at the end of Cowboy ATM: you're gonna enslave that minority
ATM was an inch and a half shorter a year ago--sheer will power! Now he's 5'5.5"
instead of a super-ego atm has a super-id
ATM directed that one Folgers Christmas commercial.
ATM kneecapped your dad
ATM is ugly and mad about it
Atm gave all his homies cat feet knee socks
ATM plays the titular ball in Lady Ballers (2023)
atm tried to measure his power level with a scouter but it just said "gay"
ATM just shat so hard he came!
ATM just came so hard he shat!
Atm laughs uproariously at Seinfeld
Uh oh! ATM has separated his divinity from his human self to fool the heavenly principles! Hopefully his mortal self is mentally stable and happy.
ATM wants to be problematic but his mom won't let him
ATM held his nurse practitioner at gunpoint so she can refill his zofran prescription for his upset tummy.
Nothing gets ATM off more than being hogged tied in the back of a ls-swap dodge caravan, seats removed, with dozens of 3 inch stainless ball bearings, a recently-released driver-for-hire whose just been forced to run 3 red lights and told there's an unregistered firearm in the glove box, with the blue lights coming life in the rearview
Legend has it that you can defeat atm by shooting him with a gun
Atm refers to Merth as the "Dane Cook" of the server. He means this as a good thing
ATM can finally rest...he has finally defeated Henry Kissinger.
ATM is the AliExpress of bodily fluids
atm has no stars in his eyes
ATM did benzos and fucked his manager on stream but didn't get fired.
(atm is his own manager)
ATM gets dinner from the Petco treat scoop
ATM cried like a big dumb homo
ATM is a slumdog thrillionaire (thrussy millionaire)
ATM keeps pooping during sex (accidentally)
ATM will see you next Tuesday
ATM has a bowl cut but it's not on his head
ATM loves you so much he wants to take you behind the middle school and make you pregnant
atm does jojo poses in public
ATM has an internal design review meeting in an hour
Atm scuffed merth’s Timbs
ATM still sleeps in a funk bed
ATM makes fake group chat screenshots from fandoms he likes
atm hasn't experienced apotheosis often in recent years
ATM can do ten thousand Hindu squats.
Embarking on a quest alongside a local deer, ATM really left his mark on the North Pole.
its the season of giving so atm is giving sloppy toppy
ATM loves his mom, but not in a queer way
atm engages in zoomer discourse
atm has a gun in his hand, a dream in his head and merth in front of him
"if you desecrate something, is that bad?" - ATM, reading the summons
atm really doesn't like people too similar to himself
unbeknownst to atm, he got an indirect kiss from Dick Cheney
ATM is heterodox
Is ATM familiar with #BlackGirlMagic and the movement it inspired? Does ATM need a similar movement?
ATM gets hard when he's mad
ATM was the first USA citizen to get covid
When atm talks about "family values" and the "good old days" he's usually referring to the years prior to the invention of women's deodorant.
atm is a cat girl
ATM is mindless and formless
atm is getting reay for the countdown
atm really accentuates the f-sound in "milf"
Every 6 months or so ATM cleans his keyboard by pissing on it really hard
atm has a really long and thick graphics card 😏
atm wants to ban american football (unspecified)
ATM lays eggs despite lacking any related anatomy
atm is an extremist
ATM is the bottom of the best of the worst
"Ill show you how to peel a carrot!" -angry ATM
ATM sent personal messages over arpanet
The ATM infestation is mostly resolved
atm has a troll neighbor and instead of an adventure exploring the trauma of a sick parent and advocating for a return to traditional values, his neighbor was arrested for threatening the president and having 30GB of CP
last christmas, atm gave you his fart but the very next gay slurped it away
atm grilled and ate Santa Claus
ATM's deal is that he's, like, totally fine
when confronted with happiness atm counters with anxiety
atm doesn't talk to us anymore because he is dead
atm just fell down from the sky one day
atm wants to walk down the aisle to What Does the Fox Say
atm doesn't use swap space, as he prefers to run out of memory
ATM is jealous of babies for having soft skin. And all the attention they get
ATM's outfits always exude raw power
ATM wants to re-invade Vietnam
ATM was the main inspiration for the film The Mask
atm has sound advice and he's not giving it to anyone
ATM was voted third hottest podcast host
ATM sucks and licks clean the nose rest thingies on his glasses
atm's favorite pair of underwear has the text "I flew to japan and all I got was these vending-machine authentic high-school girl's used panties"
Marvin Gaye: Can I get a witness? || ATM: Can I get some hogsludge?
Atm hates Godzilla and Gamera because he "doesn't trust (((Kaiju movies)))"
ATM can shoot down a B-21 bomber
ATM is trying to make "Missouri Rizz" a thing and it's just embarrassing.
ATM just did "gun-cum". Yikes.
atm ate 500 datura seeds and completely lost his mind
atm is the most evil organization
ATM has invented a kyser pistol that makes you kys when shot
ATM has a beast-gun made from Beast
ATM is such a fucking weeaboo he's started to call cabbage 'kyabetsu'
Atm watched Boston Legal 9 times before he realized it wasn't a new Star Trek
ATM just landed in Arlington
in his rock band atm plays the accoustic cat
Atm didn't "murder" his friend Kurt Cobain. He simply committed a little bit of Homiecide
atm's drag queen name is Sylvia Plap
ATM taught Gold Ship various slurs.
atm constantly oscillates between the two extremes of the crab-train spectrum
ATM does not look good in the Dongtan dress.
Linus Torvalds designed ATMs small intestine
Total internal reflection was first researched experimentally via ATMs bowels
Atm was disappointed after he started watching Minority Report and it wasn't about getting brown people deported
ATM is a strange man who cannot be trusted
Merth!!! Help!!! ATM's fist is stuck in my asshole and we can't get it out and I have an important meeting in thirty minutes!! BRING LUBE!!!!!
atm can remove semen from a man in under 15 seconds
atm fucked Hitler in the ass
the ghost of Christmas past was not expecting atm's past Christmases to be so terrible
"Heh.." *ATM lowers his head* "Domain Expansion." *Ohio rises around you*
Together, ATM and Merth, his coach, brought home the silver medal this year, where ATM's performance of inverted dressage stunned the crowd.
ATM is the Juggernaut, bitch.
atm has a stigmata of the eyes
Atm is in love with the villainess (Hillary Clinton)
ATM’s mom returned his Mother’s Day gift cuz she doesn’t recognize his claim as a son
ATM has to go to the butt dentist to get a couple fillings
ATM thought "Open Beta" was a term to describe a slutty bottom
ATM's kids are only allowed to read one book, and it's *So you want to slurp hog shit* by ATM.
Merth's boneless corpse was just found down by the river, looks like ATM Chungus is on the loose again!
ATM rolled a 1
ATM commissioned The Coffin of Andy and Leyley fan art but with him and merth.
atm is gender-neutral
ATM is addicted to corn flakes, which he only started eating to help his masturbation addiction, and it didn't help that, so now he eats six bowls of corn flakes and masturbates 15 times a day.
ATM makes his own frosted flakes
ATM keeps drawing horses and scratching the faces off photographs
ATM will tweet, and you will be cancelled
ATM's on molly
atm thinks he is a jerry but he's actually a morty
Do NOT ask ATM to draw a medium chested woman.
ATM's nickname is Quatro Vageena
Atm boutta pog off like UUURHNHNGGHH
One entry on ATM's bucket list is "Nut in a poggers thrussy"
"Sorry I smell like cum. I just like to jerk off!" - ATM, meeting his girlfriend's grandma at Christmas
ATM is surprisingly gay
atm is a good little boy
ATM never says where he was during 9/11
ATM chopped his dick off with a laser whip
atm tried to get on gaki no tsukai (he wants to violently beat japanese men)
atm lives rent free in the heads of libtards (he is a literal brain parasite)
ATM is sekai de ichiban ohime-sama
ATM grilled and ate a skirt steak.
ATM thinks Kakita is better than Dateko and he's so wrong.
Disney bought ATM and honestly it's an improvement.
theres no US stock that uses the atm symbol, unfortunately
I have never seen ATM and Hunter Biden in the same place at the same time.
atm wants to post a meme but discord won't let him
ATM thinks gyaru is a recent fad.
ATM Benjamin Button'd himself
What ATM lacks in rizz, he makes up for it in jizz.
ATM stuck his dick in a new sidewalk and impregnated it. They had a conk creet baybee
ATM reads all his manga on youtube
Atm despises genre fiction
ATM won't play GTA because the player has to kill cops
In a bizarre turn of events, an elf has impregnated ATM.
uncle atm's miracle hangover cure is just meth
You aren't imagining it, ATM *is* staring at your breast pussy.
atm is panting for streams of water in God's pants
ATM sucked and fucked the institution of slavery - in a good way!
*atm putting his hand on merth's forehead*: "its afraid!" || merth: "why do I always have to be the brain bug when we play Starship Troopers?"
"we all have our vices" -atm, cracking open a cold can of motor oil
ATM thinks computers are actually called 'bongluters'
atm has an STD
ATM got his dick sucked by Joey Chestnut.
ATM is America's Australia
ATM just got shot :/
ATM may hug people too hard and get lost in malls, but he's not an idiot.
ATM harvests hobo organs
ATM is kinda funny tbh
ATM's favorite subject in school was science, especially the old testament
"Call me Moses because I got a burning bush" - ATM after getting another STD.
ATM took peyote in the desert then sacrificed merth in order to make elves real.
Every single hot cosplay woman is actually just ATM in a wig.
ATM gave Twin Turbo the Panera charged lemonade.
The citizens of Lilliput tied up ATM but freed him immediately because he made it super weird.
ATM beat The Flash in who can cum the fastest.
ATM's favorite nursery rhymes is the one about 10 individuals who gradually become fewer in number
"You get an F." -ATM's teacher *circling the title "Scott Pilgrim vs my Hole"*
ATM is a beaver who believes in Jesus Christ
ATM wants to be a cultivator but his mom won't let him.
ATM only pleasures himself to Darude Sandstorm
Let's cut to the chase, ATM will suck your toes
Atm ran a counterfeit lesbian porn ring with the advent of photocopiers and faxes. He called his business The Nasty Scans (he hates women)
ATM programs javascript in Armani Code
Atm just ate a horse doovers
ATM takes advantage of twitter artists in bad financial situations by paying them to draw steampunk diaperfurry art of his oc's
ATM came into Davy Jones' locker
ATM's Christmas themed stripper name was "Ebesleezer Spooge"
ATM sucked and fucked the MSM jews from NBC
an episode of Family Guy was playing when atm lost his virginity
atm and his atm lived in a small atm on an atm. Life was atm.
but then the atm nation attacked
Atm swallowed the blue pill and boofed the red pill
atm is a teenage dirtbag
Atm got put in the contraption
The employees at Home Depot Ohio have been on a 2 week hunt for ATM who has been leaving a trail around the store after hours as evidenced by the camera footage of him drinking all of the thinset
ATM is baseborn
ATM was born in a manger
ATM was born a virgin
ATM was born a cuck
Usher: stuck at the store || Weird Al: stuck in the drive through  || ATM: stuck at the crime store
ATM has ice cold diarrhea
atm is a professional cow tipper
atm, you have to stop. You smoke too tough. Your swag too different. Your bitch is too bad. they’ll kill you
atm was born learned
atm may not look like it but he's actually over 3 years old
ATM's shirt-> "I'm so full with a little turkey 😊" || Merth's shirt-> "I made the stuffing 😈"
Atm gets paid 15 bucks an hour putting crypto ads in fortune cookies
ATM stuck his gyatt out for the Rizzler but the Rizzler rejected his advances
ATM don't need no drinks tonight (he's got heroin)
ATM uses tweed condoms
atm got his fuckhole ruined
ATM alongside researchers from Google's DeepMind, is developing AlphaSniff-1
ATM has really expensive blood
some people say atm is the One Piece of shitting
ATM was deloused when he visited the comatorium.
ATM has sensitive nipples
Atm is getting married next year and you were not invited!
Atm got fired from his job at the library for eating the books
Atm got sent to another world after getting hit by a truck and made it his new life goal to create sperm banks in this strange new place
Actor Scott Bakula has died. For more information DM ATM on X (formerly twitter), reddit, or discord.
ATM invoked kanly on supergauntlet for spilling the weed
atm has alabaster-white skin, soft hands unravaged by labor and virginal flesh all because he's a NEET with an atrocious personality
Rose atm's color is. and white, Pretty mouth and green his eyes.
Every January ATM complains about "that day this month when the banks are closed"
atm is a traditional birth control method
everytime one of atm's friends gets married, he puts a single bullet in his revolver, spins it, puts it against his head and pulls the trigger
atm's Canadian boyfriend just learned what atm meant by doing "fist of the north star"
atm killed merth with a shovel
sexual roleplay gone wrong: atm just died
Uh oh! ATM is waving a Filipino revolutionary flag! Hopefully no misunderstandings will come about.
Researchers at CERN have begun experimenting with ATM's asshole. Many in the public ignorant of the subject believe we risk creating a black hole and destroying the earth.
ATM has a disease of his hind quarters
atm has a love that transcends time and space, a love that he carries through every version of himself, a love for shitting in urinals
Do NOT ask ATM to rap over your yugioh combo video.
atm's English teacher made the fatal mistake of telling him to "sound it out" when atm was struggling with pronouncing a word
ATM: I just sucked and fucked bofa || Me: What's bofa? || ATM: Bofa DEEZ || Me: What's Deez? || ATM: Bofa DEEZ
ATM's favorite cocktail is vodka, cranberry juice, and amniotic fluid
atm has an inner child (the car crash was horrific)
atm has 100 girlfriends who really really really hate him
atm's house has a fully functional dungeon
atm is a freak (economist) in bed
Atm calls his anus the humanitarian corridor
ATM is in a fight with his AI girlfriend
ATM quit his desk job to focus on making video essays about sludge
"I don't see how her age is relevant when she does not look like a child" - atm, defending his porn fanfic where frieren is 11 years old
Atm enlisted to find cute boys to date but now his idea of a dream date at the fireworks festival is ruined.
Atm now comes in child-size
Atm got a DUI in a blimp
ATM's favorite band is Boston
ATM pioneered being gay for pay
ATM industrialized being gay for pay
ATM was the first human to piss his pants on purpose
Atm has insane rizz
ATM’s jizz makes you insane
wild horses couldn't drag atm away from us but one horsegirl could probably convince him to kill us all
atm: "In the streets they call it murder" || *WHACK* || atm: "In your house they'll probably call it that too" || *WHACK* || ***WHACK*** || *atm holding a bloody hammer and looking down at merth's caved in skull*: "man I just keep killing you and you just keep coming back, you gotta stop that my dude. Oh well, this was fun, see you tomorrow I guess."
ATM is making a BIG nut
atm is bleeding out of the seven apertures
atm has manifested a new orifice
ATM is just a guy
People always think ATM is further away than he is
ATM can make a golden retriever frown
ATM was arrested on possession charges (turns out he wasn't gay, just possessed by a gay ghost)
It's been a while since atm has had a good nosebleed to cleanse his sinuses so he's about to run into a brick wall
ATM’s signature cocktail is just beer and wine mixed 1:1
ATM just aborted merth :/
"who knew heaven was a place on earth?" -atm, laying in post-coital bliss next to Margaret Thatcher
ATM is a Disney adult but for like The Aristocats and The Sword in Stone.
atm is a moron
ATM is not allowed near the inflatable Santas in his neighborhood.
atm wore his "I'd rather be watching anime" shirt to his sister's wedding
ATM only eats at Hot Horse in Slovenia
ATM sucked off a Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm-Flailing Tube Man
atm keeps catching wacky old timey diseases like scarlet fever and cholera
ATM is a PekoMiko christmas sleepover truther
ATM was found rubbing linseed oil into the school cormorant.
atm exclusively listens to AI generated Family Guy covers of pop songs
ATM believes women belong in the kitchen (he's a fucked up cannibal)
atm belives sisters belong in the nunnery (he's a fucked up christian)
atm has insane frizz (its very humid today)
ATM pissed on all the cantaloupes
ATM is the settler in all his romantic relationships
ATM measures all his friends skulls
atm knows a secret technique to always lose at rock-paper-scissors
ATM outlawed the use of the family atomics
ATM goes to the shitter to goon
ATM developed an engine that runs on chocolate
ATM is a very popular figure in low IQ youtube.
ATM is the host of America's Next Top Deer
ATM was a tinkerer. Until the FBI shot him
You won't believe where ATM has been putting his retirement nest egg!
any text atm types is bottom text
In the last panel of ATM's first chapter, truck-kun made an appearance as he was crossing the road and they had sex.
ATM is also known as The Uses-a-hacksaw-to-cut-off-your-balls Killer.
ATM has yet to meet Marcel Toing, owner and head chef of restaurant Ra-ta-ta-ta-toing
ATM’s hair is long, his money is long and atm and broke, oh jeez i can’t say that word, don’t get along!
Atm ratatouilled merth
ATM has imposter syndrome (he plays too much Among Us)
Atm was the colonizer in his last relationship
ATM’s chest X-rays caused the doctor’s computer to crash
atm doesn't like kitsune udon
ATM has two butts
atm is currently experiencing love!
Merth: "The landlord says your rent is late" || Nerfgunner: "He may have to litigate" || Phat: "Don't worry, be happy" || *All harmonizing*: "You just got evicted!" || atm: "WHAT THE FUCK HOW DID YOU GET IN HERE ITS 3AM AND WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY???"
ATM's "BADUM" effect sounds eerily similar to a captive bolt pistol discharge
ATM is a steel rose trapped in a cage of ice.
ATM got sent to jail for being stinky
Ageism is so 🔥  || *ATM leans towards you* "got lucky at the bingo on Friday" 😜
atm is just prancin' around
"So like does the eye patch hold back some sort of dark demonic power or something" - ATM at the veteran's hospital.
ATM is naive, kinky, and shaved
ATM's anus was showing on his wedding photos but they fixed it in post
Atm popped a stinker in the living room, and basically, don't go in there
ATM is a cook in bed and a whore in the kitchen
atm has a stargate in his asshole and SG-1 just dialed the address
atm's hamster does not recognize him as the alpha
atm's mom, has got it going on
atm is passionate about Quizno's
atm fucked a Quizno's commercial gremlin thing to death
ATM is super proud of his tiny perfumed balls that never get dirty or stinky
in any given group of people, someone will always have the largest penis. That person is never atm.
ATM has over 100,000 subs in his rimworld
Whenever atm gets a fortune cookie, the fortune is blank
atm calls his bedroom the fire station cuz thats where he sprays the hoes
ATM is a virgin destroyer (he brutally murders them)
ATM has been enjoying a quiet life working as a high ranking government official at the harbor. Hopefully his overly chatty mom and wild feral sister doesn't move here!
Atm is mentioned by name in Mein Kampf
ATM is the darkest one skin tone wise in his family so everyone calls him "Blacks" or "Blackie"
ATM was the feet for dirty little feet dot com
the only person that loves The Cleveland Show more than atm is David Lynch
atm's porn parody "2001: A Gape Odyssey" was frankly incredible
ATM was born to take fat rips and big ol' shits and fill his bed with farts.
atm has an angel and a devil on his shoulders that advise him on decisions
ATM thinks it's better to order out than cooking at home.
ATM rides his trashcan to and from the street curb
atm has a gun and a mission and he's on his way to Maine at 95mph
atm spoons with his burritos to feel something approximating the warmth of another person
atm has a urinary tract infection from unprotected butt stuff
atm is infected with maggots
atm keeps getting pulled over because his ass is too fat
When premium Lumberjack Merth punched ATM in the arm and said "no homo", ATM hesitated
atm's biological parents are gay
Hulkamania is still running wild in ATM's heart.
atm calls the internet "teh interwebz :3"
Atm appeals to the male gays
ATM really has to pee but is stuck in a meeting.
ATM has the largest collection of durable medical equipment this side of the Mississippi.
atm always brushes his teeth before he prays
Atm grilled and ate the statue of Liberty
ATM is a crack whore
ATM has a Neapolitan butthole
ATM named his child "Firewall Dragon Darkfluid - Neo Tempest Terahertz"
atm is ready to die
Atm dons gay apparel everyday
most of our knowledge on plate tectonic movement comes from atm's verbal account
ATM lives on the Kola Peninsula, near the Russian border with Norway
Atm sucked merth’s penis to completion
ATM uses goroawase to remember ATM fact numbers
Atm hung himself using wildly painful experimental surgery
ATM's favorite yaku is tanyao
Atm just served cunt
atm beat a white cis gay in a racism contest
"ask not for whom the grill sizzles, it sizzles for thee!" -atm, flipping Jhonty over so his other side cooks
ATM went joker mode and killed some finance bros on a train
Atm got in trouble at Xmas for casting Elira Pendora's fat tits onto the living room tv
*atm with a fever getting fucked in the ass by his Asian bf*: "talk about boil in the fag rice!"
I'm gonna cut off ATM's legs. I'm gonna go to his HOUSE and cut off his LEGS.
ATM invented a gun that cuts off his legs
If you cut off ATM's legs during his boss fight, they drop and you can use them as weapons!
ATM carved his true name into his snowman and it came to life and started killing his enemies
Imagining a homeless guy ambushing ATM and cutting off his legs with a hacksaw and then beating him to death using his legs 😇
ATM puts his noseto his phone whenever he sees a pic of a big booty anime woman.
An elderly woman was ran over by ATM wearing a reindeer costume.
*atm walking into the room sweaty and wearing antlers*: "Grandma got ran-through by a reindeer"
atm works part time as one of santa's reindeers every christmas (he loves getting whipped)
ATM calls gravity a force
ATM invented a gun that only shoots minorities. It's a normal gun... in the hands of a cop. (Deep)
ATM is a pizza demon
the only bottom that matters is ATM
ATM invented the color brown
ATM was almost killed by the growth of his own horn until Merth purchased a DeWalt
ATM came to regret his request for a hot stone prostate massage
ATM doesn't hold his hits in. Even for a second. Just breathes out immediately.
atm is a nimby (sexually)
Atm never thinks twice. He barely thinks once.
ATM won his full wardrobe makeover from Boots & Barkley
atm was napping in the couch with his mouth open and his sisters filled his mouth with concrete and then atm died but its ok because hell is real and atm went there so his immortal soul is in hell having gay sex with henry kissinger and mr. rogers (he went to hell cuz all white people go to hell)
ATM became an extreme ascetic just so that when Alexander the Great said he could have anything he asked for, ATM said "your mom"
ATM got kicked out of the femboy club for being able to lift a 10 pound dumbbell.
ATM buried Paul
ATM is the walrus
atm buried his balls in your ass
atm ate Mary's placenta
*atm holding a bloody Jesus*: "too bad you never got to slam this pussy man, this dude tore her up"
ATM is the Jesus Christ of Christmas
ATM has a very "lower me into acid" personality
atm's beginning to smell a lot like christmas
Atm got stuck in merth’s chimney and died
"God bless us, everyone! Except for Tiny Tim, fuck him" - ATM
ATM won the crotch lotto but lost the ass lotto
*atm teleports behind you*: "heh, nothing perso- goddamn you got a fat ass"
ATM invented tea tree oil and menthol toilet paper
atm pronounces the "r" in Louvre
Mom, ATM is schlorping again
ATM is quitting his job to become a paizuricore vtuber
Complete silence covers everything. All the stars in the sky are gone. ATM has just killed God. The world is ending, but we are finally free. The only lights left in existence are the stage lights bathing ATM in a rainbow glow. ATM grabs the mic. What will he say? What magnificent speech will he give? What sounds will accompany the end of everything? ATM brings the mic to his lips and breathes in. || **"TODOKETE—**
[offensive atm fact]
ATM has hated purple dragons since childhood. In unrelated news, ATM got hired to be a talent manager for NijisanjiEN.
Atm keeps saying "Sasuga chef-sama" to the chef at his local Thai joint
ATM complains about "kids these days" with no self-awareness or irony
Atm makes Jesus wear a condom
atm is a pure maiden (virgin)
atm is the sharpest tool in the shed
atm fucked and ate a grill
ATM stole phat's shirikodama
ATM's fingers smell bad
atm censors his feet whenever he posts selfies
Atm replaces the u in “fuck” with an asterisk when he says it in real life
atm came in the mail (fetish)
ATM's oshi didn't stream on Christmas.
ATM talks about "eventual consent" too much
Okay i know he's upset but ATM calling millie an "uncle tom ass house ni**er" is going too far
Whenever ATM cums, he connives.
ATM eats a tin of fish with every meal
ATM is barefoot and pregnant
Atm can't get an erection unless he hypes himself up by doing gorilla noises
Atm has and regularly uses a pager
atm: "I come in peace" || Merth, wearing a shirt that says 'peace': "ugh"
ATM is just dust in the wind.
ATM is the tourism ambassador for Gary, Indiana
atm loves it when his condiment bottles shart feebly
When ATM goes to the doctor they scruff him by the back of the neck and syringe some water with medication into his mouth
atm always forces shiv decks
atm has a habit of asking something in chat then immediately leaving for 15 hours
ATM changed his last name to "Mankovitch"
ATM's dating profile only says "Looking for the Statler to my Waldorf"
atm walks in a rhythm, ever hoping to attract the worm
Santa: \*exists* || ATM: Deck the halls with piss and cum
ATM wants to breed with low IQ bimbos
whenever one of atm's exes starts texting him, he immediately sends them his graphic sexual fantasies hoping to speedrun to getting things to happen between them
atm is kamippoi
ATM has a line of NFTs that are just low res pictures of celebrity's feet.
atm owns a book of atm facts that he refers to every time someone tries to argue with him
Atm is uncomfortable in his own skin. So he’ll be taking yours
atm trains tarantulas to do step-dance performances
atm wrote a rap song but there were parts he couldn't say so he paid phat to rap specific words for him
Atm has legionella from drinking fetid piss
ATM has assophobia but like fr
atm called me a cootie queen, but he's the real lint licker
The online transvestigators were confused by ATM, and just avoid him entirely. You get banned if you bring him up.
ATM doesn't watch TV, he's more of a masturbator
Most e-girls: I love Doctor Who 😍 || ATM: I love Proctor Whom
ATM prefers Doctor Sludge-O to Doctor Who
Atm is rendered server-side
atm just wants to go on a cute yuri date but sadly he is a man and women find him repulsive
Atm is biphobic, he’s afraid of both men and women
ATM created a catdog inspired creature but with merth and nerfgunner
Let's just say ATM fist-fucked your dad
Most kids: Yay it's christmas!!!!! || ATM: Yay it's **crime-sus**
[ATM News] He is gay
ATM no longer fears the reaper (Overwatch is a dead game)
Muscly guys: im not afraid of anything || ATM with a gun: your dead
It has been 0 days since atm last texted his ex to say he was pregnant and she’s the mother and that she needs to provide for this kid
atm has bronouns
ATM's first album *Audibly White's* art, is an upside-down man, with a right-side-up saxophone, pissing into the horn.
Atm has the brain of a man and the ass of a French teenager
atm is still with Yang
*atm walking out of merth's basement wearing a sexy minotaur costume*: "hey guess what I just did"
ATM spends a lot of time coming up with hypothetical scenarios where slavery is justified
ATM has miscolored butthole flaps
ATM is a clone from an alternate reality possessed by demonic aliens from another dimension's future
Atm likes anime girls with drill hair so much that he bought DeWalt stock
atm prefers to watch livestreams to vods cuz it makes him feel closer to the streamer
Uh oh! ATM forgot to wash his hands jacking off and he's about to eat a cupcake with vanilla icing!
ATM thinks it's ok for him to use slurs as long as he's expressing himself
atm thinks one cannot be blamed if they didn't know better, so he invented a machine that wipes from your memories the meanings of slurs
ATM was the first person to put microtransactions in a game
Atm's problematic fav is pipkin pippa
atm is a respectable man
atm invented a Hell phone so he could text Margaret Thatcher anus pics
ATM is an avid coalburner
ATM is in manufacturing
"namaste 🙏" - atm at a conveyer belt sushi restaurant
ATM really misunderstood the term "slay queen" when he brought back Marie Antoinette's head.
ATM was blown to smithereens when a fancy french woman with a gunbrella shot him.
ATM is jorking it with his peanits
ATM is never woke because he has untreated sleep apnea.
ATM is too gay to be the straight man and too unfunny to be the funny one in a comedy duo
ATM's nose is running and he can't catch it
atm wants to be a masochistic perverted dog but his dommy mommy won't let him
ATM’s opinions are sold in the scratch and dent section of the marketplace of ideas
atm is staying ahead of the curve by celebrating the start of 2025 already
Me: [not dancing] || Tough guy: what's wrong retard, no swag? || Me: [crying,] || \- poem by atm
ATM wears cannabis cologne
ATM is a child predator (he's an obligate carnivore and legally a minor)
atm microwaved himself
ATM enslaved merth using a gun full of piss
atm's new fursona is a dargon with antlers
atm still wets the bed but its intentionl now
ATM comes with an optional LIDAR module
ATM came in his optional LIDAR module
atm grilled and ate Bill Clinton to gain his saxophone powers and unfortunately gained a different Bill Clinton power
ATM has 62,745 centipedes in his vagina
ATM thinks a squirrel looks better if you smash it a lot with a hammer
atm thinks P=NP
ATM is bad at chess
Atm fucked steamboat Willie to death
Atm was fired from his job for watching porn at work. He was a cameraman for a porn studio
Atm claims to be pansexual but yesterday I saw him smoke pot
ATM mistook the meaning of metrosexual and boy are there a lot of terrible things to have come of that let me tell you!
People only likes ATM because his ass is fat.
ATM is a girl failure hag
ATM bankrolled a sequel to Sharkboy and Lavagirl called Sludgeboy and Lavaboy where Lavagirl transitioned because of wokeness and ATM replaced Sharkboy with his own self-insert Sludgeboy
ATM needs more sludge, please mail him sludge
ATM got super defensive when I called him a racist rapist murderer pedophile nazi, I think I hit a nerve. Lol
ATM is still really upset management didn't let Biboo call her fans pebblephiles
ATM wrote the Torah
ATM is taking up wood turning
ATM turned my wood
ATM turned the French Onion soup into Norman Piss soup
ATM is saving himself for a Grade-A pork machine
ATM sat on his testicles and the heft of his body smashed them to smithereens
ATM has brainworms over a minor character.
atm went through most of 7th grade doing a regionally inconsistent "British accent"
ATM has been lobbying to have Erectile Dysfunction listed as a disability.
Atm hasn't had much luck in the game design space because he keeps insisting on adding realistic pissing and shitting functionality to every game
ATM got molested at fuyukomi
ATM is an ancient Chinese proverb about the dangers of spoilt milk
ATM has started to resent me and I'm not sure why
ATM wants to FUCK King Dedede
ATM is the third tallest skyscraper
ATM uses erectile softeners
ATM can finally call his dick "Steamboat Willie" without getting sued!
ATM spends way too much time watching dancing Genshin MMD videos.
ATM just jacked off. 2024-01-04 02:58 UTC
ATM is a catgirl raised in the ghetto
atm haet pizza
atm wants to invest in his local industrial sector but the bureaucracy won't let him
Atm: “I beat the allegations” || *merth limping in covered in bruises wearing a shirt that says ‘allegations’*: “ugh”
Don't bring atm to the beach, he'll try to bury his turds in the sand
atm can handle any pole but remains in ohio
atm is a pole vaulter (and banned from entering poland)
Atm is in a situationship
ATM thinks Jesus is not co-eternal with, but distinct from and subordinate to God the Father
Atm is galaxy gay
ATM killed a dozen Germans to protect our freedom, and he wasn't even in the military!
There ISN'T a hole in ATM's pocket that he keeps touching his penis through
ATM is essentially the pan sauce of Ohio
As a method to clean up his act, atm got a tracker to see how many times he used slurs. After a month he had caused integer overflow on the app
atm traded his True Name for a tiny baggie of weed
Atm is into race play. It’s about car racing and still manages to be really problematic
ATM's favorite meal is just Duke's mayo on top of Kewpie mayo.
ATM invented a new religion called "Gay Buddhism" where he gets gangbanged by 108 guys.
atm gets walmart cashiers to do countdowns from 10 on loud speaker so he can have a quick goon sesh in the produce aisle
atm gave me $400 for a film camera
ATM protected my smile.
atm grilled and ate Pomu
ATM's role in the scanlation group is to insert uneccessary swears and slurs
ATM invented purple
ATM has your social security number memorized
mutiple extras and stunt actors clearly died during the making of ATM: The Movie and its just never been addressed
atm wants to be moe but his genre won't let him
atm has a highly modified anus
atm wants to watch you pee
atm went back in time and gave Hitler a TimePhone with Grindr installed on it
atm only listens to nightcore
atm has sticky keys enabled (cum)
atm wears a wig
atm think's he's got it all figured out (he does)
the cannibals of a remote jungle tribe brought atm a bowl of baby gravy and well, turns out that particular euphemism is a lot more universal than anthropologists expected
its atm's world and we're just living in it
ATM sends death threats to dog twitter accounts.
atm has a double jump but he doesn't know how to use it
Atm graduated finna cum onhertits from Harvard Law
ATM thinks "behind, "heard", and similar words are cringe forced lingo for people who take their job too seriously
ATM opened his bobs
Atm leaves negative yelp reviews if the bathrooms are too clean
ATM sucked and fucked, then shot and killed, then grilled and ate merth.
Love don’t cost a thing but atm costs $5/hr
ATM has a reverse findom fetish
atm's favorite genre of girl is the blonde twintailed half-japanese tsundere
ATM has never changed his mind
ATM wants to rädda våtmarkerna
atm susvides his meats
Atm likes moviebob
ATM wrote a 5,000 word New York Times OpEd on why Taylor Swift is gay.
Atm writes for CinemaSins
ATM is two girls, and you're one cup
Merth is playing checkers while phat is playing 4d chess while ATM is playing Scugbert
atm lost a game of chess to a pigeon which to be fair it was a very smart pigeon
atm clones merths
ATM sent me an anus pic 2 days ago asking to see mine and I've been ghosting him since
atm castrated nerfgunner so nerfgunner could attend to merth
ATM's main instrument is the fretless penis
atm is a sink pisser
ATM jacks off to dudes
ATM killed Fuwawa and framed Mococo
atm has become the furnace. his lungs pump out scalding steam. magma flows through his veins. he would know nothing of cold if he did not see the snow melt and evaporate around him instantly.
atm hasn't shit in 3 days and the President has gone to DEFCON 2
ATM offers 3 flavors of boba pee
Atm is 5’4, weighs 700lbs and is about to find out that lead bones don’t float
Atm is dating an 18 year old (he graduates high school in May)
ATM is carbon dating a well-proportioned mammoth tusk
ATM moved to a shithole so he can commit tax evasion.
Atm fumbled a bad bitch
Despite it being an electrical fire, ATM foolishly still attempted to put it out with cum.
"turns out you can put out any kind of fire with enough cum" -atm
atm acting cute even tho he a greasy boi 🤦
ATM says shit like "kids these days don't know how to act" and "back in my day we didn't act like that" even though back in his day he was literally one of the kids acting like that
ATM is a lemon stealing whore
ATM trades in onion futures.
atm's girlfriend is sick and he insists he can take her temp under her arm with his tongue
atm is the lowtax of his local Denny's night shift
ATM's best-selling merch is ATM brand industrial sludge
ATM smells like a rotting carcass shoved up the butt of another rotting carcass
atm still maintains a blog
atm, merth and nerfgunner started a motorcycle gang
if he likes you, atm will come close and gleek on you
ATM hired a Sherpa to help him climb a flight of stairs.
atm suffers from adolescence syndrome
Atm cannot be left alone in the boat with the rotisserie chicken, nor the cabbage
atm's voice actress is first-class
ATM sends people awful images while they're at work so they have to shut their phone off real quick and make sure no ones looking
ATM fucked a tunnel jew
ATM fucked Wiboslurga
Boom boom boom, ATM stands upon his tomb yet he knows not.
boom boom boom, atm wants you in his womb
ATM wants a sludgejob from blacks
ATM got that Frankendrizzle (incontinent necrografted penis)
"Hell yeah I love playing Darkstalkers" - atm, with the shoe polish about to follow women home from work
atm ate all the snowflakes before they could fall to the ground
ATM isn't like other girls, or most humans in general. He's significantly worse.
"Ay girl you a solid six outta ten but I'm drunk af, wanna slurp my hog?"  || \- ATM hitting on Miley Cyrus
atm thinks abortions should go til 15 years and Logan's Running should start at 20
atm crawled into merth's vents and died
atm exclusively listens to radio edits of songs
atm only smokes stems and seeds
ATM made a horse feel young again
atm's ex keeps texting him about "child support" and "alimony" and "calling the cops", sounds like she's not over him!
you'll never guess which STD atm just got again!
Atm proposes on the first date
atm recently lost a lot of weight! (both his legs got amputated after a motorcycle accident)
atm has sleep fapnea
atm loves swallowing the boba whole
*atm walking into the room*: "hey i saw a black guy and thought of you" *atm walks out* || nerfgunner: "what?" || The spider on the wall with Jhonty's soul in it: "I think he was talking to me" || nerfgunner: "what the FUCK" || the gecko on the other wall with Merth's soul in it: "man I really want to eat that spider" || nerfgunner: "WHAT THE FUCK"
ATM is just a girl, wishing she had a tub she could shit herself in
Atm keeps laughing at the old man who says he's a veteran of the Battle of the Bulge
atm commutes via hot air balloon
ATM is a gay coded disney villain.
atm is neither right nor left, but a secret 3rd thing (extremely gay)
atm loves to shake what he mamma gave him (a baby rattle)
ATM's favorite actor is Paulie Shore.
atm opened an apothecary and instead of hot concubines and courtesans, he got smelly hippies and weird anti-vaxxers
atm bought a chainsaw and became a eunuch
atm grilled and ate the Eraserhead baby
atm impregnated merth's guitars
ATM does not post hole because if a mere mortal were to see such beauty they'd go blind
atm is pogged out of his mind (mental illness)
atm is goated with the drip (leaky faucet at his farm)
ATM accuses loli vtubers of autopedophilia
atm put Pomu in the microwave
atm loves AI slop
ATM sent his oshi a superchat at the last second of her graduation stream and she never read it.
Lmao ATM posted in the wrong channel, what an idiot!
atm lives in pre-apocalyptic Missouri
ATM prefers beef if you know what I mean 😉
Much like a plant-based meat imitation product, ATM is soy
"This is like a Brady Bunch situation!" - ATM introducing his plushies to his new step-kids.
atm won't stop jizzing in the hot tub
most atm facts are invented by atm himself; he just PMs people to post them in his stead
Netflix Just Announced A Spin-Off To Cobra Kai Directed By ATM Titled Cobra Sludge
ATM's new get-rich-quick scheme is pseudosludge
ATM stole my sludge
ATM forces the children in his class to eat industrial sludge if they want A's
ATM killed the inventor of the pizza
ATM gives massages behind the mcd's next to walmart for 3 bucks
ATM put cement in your dad's vagina
atm got uninvited from his wedding as his fiance decided to marry merth instead
ATM is a high minded concept
atm got drunk and crashed his car into the World Trade Center in NYC in 1997 but nobody really talks about that one
atm: "you know if I was a girl I hope I'd have big boobs cuz like big boobs are attractive and valuable to men and then they'd give me attention and I know it'd be fake and they'd just want me for my body but at least someone would want me you know? I'd have sex with them too, I'd be really easy because at least I'd feel something and not be lonely anymore." || merth: "wow, you took like, one hit from the bong what fucking weed did I buy?" || nerfgunner: "I'd fuck you man" || atm: "thanks man"
atm is doing amazing things with his right hand and a blender these days
It's unfortunate, but ATM's drill will not pierce the heavens.
ATM has been milking spiders but I've yet to see his project
ATM sludged your dad
ATM met his gf on twitter
atm adds salts to his baths to make sure the drain doesn't freeze
ATM looks back in anger
ATM: \*is racist* ||  || That's it. That's the fact.
Whenever someone is excited about something, atm tells them why that thing is actually bad
Atm watches TV shows on his phone at full volume at work in the cafeteria
ATM is a member of the Ohio state volunteer police
Atm is a member of the Ohio state volunteers, a group of people that voluntarily live in Ohio *shudder*
atm \*weilds gun* im gonna fucking kill you piece of garbage!!! || Zarah; no ATM don't do it his not worth it || Atm : your right \*drops gun* your lucky kid....
ATM broke the Shithole Shibboleth
ATM bought the Tootsie Pop licking robot from Purdue for an undisclosed sum.
atm is clausophobic (fear of santa)
ATM fumbled the bag
atm has elaborate fantasies about beating up his high school bullies using kung fu he learned from watching anime. He is in his 30s
ATM works for upper mansludgement
ATM keeps his book of Real ATM Facts on the bookshelf next to his 2800 page "Connoisseur's Guide to Sludge & Rancid Hog Semen"
woah! atm exploded
ATM is a low-ranking infantryman in the 12th gender corps of Biden's woke army
atm's head is packed full with tapioca
ATM is the biggest purchaser of Cumin in Butte, Montana. They call him the Master of ButteCumin
ATM is currently in his knee deep in strange era
atm thinks that 20% of broken clocks are right 80% of the time
Atm is a feet otaku
Atm full autos in buildings
*nerfgunner giving merth an ultrasound*: "dude you have a tapeworm that looks just like atm" || merth: "wtf thats wild" || nerfgunner: "yeah man it just whipped and nae nae'd and it doesn't even have arms and legs!" || merth: "woah"
its really weird that atm's main takeaway from My Little Pony was that the Nazis made some good points
atm drinks a lot of blood
ATM stole merth's anus to use as a cocksleeve and now merth can't shit anymore
Atm stole the peanuts
ATM shot and killed Pomu Rainpuff.
atm is quite ergonomic
Atm is a dark web assassin for Anycolor
atm made my tummy really hurt bc he's mean :(
ATM won the Cell Games by calling Cell the n word.
ATM's pronouns are Submissive/breedable amirite *fart reverb sfx*
ATM found a new friend underneath his pillow
ATM is the "Emilio Estevez" of his family.
atm assigned all 72 points of his dnd character to fibre
atm is starting to think he may have been a diversity hire at Reggie's House of Black Butts
they call atm "The Ohio Steamer" because of the time he fell asleep in nerfgunner's hot tub and died
atm grilled and ate pomu v. tubeau
Otm ote oll the opples and bononos
atm's a cat that loves to snooze
ATM used the Kola Superdeep Borehole to create the worlds deepest dish pizza
Most guys want to fuck Katy Perry. ATM wants to fuck Wiboslurga. They are not the same.
ATM's tongue was eaten and replaced with an isopod after a trip to the beach in the 9th grade.
atm got banned from reddit for posting his balls on r/labia even though he's technically correct that they are the same structure
atm sat on nerfgunner's vinyl copy of Chocolate Starfish and The Hotdog Flavored Water
one of atm's student's called fighting games "gay" so atm kicked him in the head
"TFW no rabies girl frothjob" - ATM (seriously, he said that)
atm's vtuber model is Adolf Hitler with huge tits and cat ears
like Hillary Clinton, atm has also sucked Bill Clinton's dick
ATM shit his butt
atm is anti-race mixing because he thinks if white women can only date white men, he'll have a better chance of finally getting someone to settle for him
atm has a super gross rash
atm gave a gorilla only wine to drink in an attempt to make a grape ape and only succeeded in causing the first gorilla DUI conviction
ATM got that greasy taco
ATM busted phat's and merth's respective hogs
Most guys such as phat and merth: "My oshi is Pomu Rainpuff" || ATM;: My oshi is Pronouns Guy
Most guys: play Sekiro shadows die twice || ATM: plays Suckytoe slurpa slurp nice
atm is kidding you
atm invited all his friends over for hotdogs but unfortunately everyone he knows is Jewish or vegan so they just stood around him and silently watched him eat all the hotdogs by himself
ATM's teachers and friends rate him "not that bad" and "way past functional"
the judge gave atm the choice between joining the Army or going to rehab and brother, you can't get a DUI in an Abrams
ATM fragged merth
When ATM was baptized, god came down from heaven and said "this guy sucks lol"
The first urinal ATM ever shit in was a baptismal fount
atm just walked past carrying a box of loose handguns
Atm calls his hands “male manipulators” cuz he uses them to jack off men
ATM is the Kenny Loggins of Missouri Public Access television.
Atm got addicted to ciggies because he saw too many hot anime women smoking. Now he's taking Nico Nico Tine patches
ATM got biboo taxed.
ATM is this angsty
ATM tried to make his own offshoot of Honeyworks called "Cunnyworks" and the FBI shot him immediately
atm was the token white guy in 90's hood films
atm sucks so much he brings property values down in black neighborhoods
atm just walked past carrying a cardboard box full of loose handguns
atm had a mental breakdown and a sexual awakening while watching Top Gun
ATM teaches in parables because he's a jackass
atm got cut in half at the waist and his legs got up and ran away
nerfgunner: "I'm cold" || atm: "ok" *cuts open merth* "and I thought he smelled bad on the outside!" || nerfgunner: "dude we could've just gotten into my hot tub" || merth: "oh jeez, disemboweled again"
ATM: "Hey merth, wanna play this new co-op game called Bred and Fed"? || Merth: "Don't you mean Bread and Fred?"  || ATM: ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Atm still calls stuff "a better love story than twilight" in 2024
ATM is terminally offline. He needs to go inside and touch keyboard
ATM is NEVER beating the allegations (murder)
ATM thinks italics is just how Italians see text
ATM is a Blue Archive yuri schizo
ATM is ontologically evil
ATM is way too obsessed with 10 Things I Hate About You.
ATM’s username expressing his hatred of New York State transportation was not well received by the LGBTQ+ community
The jobs ATM gets are educating
atm recently lost a battle of whits to an 11 year old
atm is a power bottom for the Houston Rockets
atm got sexy foreplay dice but instead of telling him to do sexy things they only ever tell him to kill the president
atm refers to the women in porn videos as the protagonist
ATM likes to lay down and enjoy the beats of post alone
atm wants to make the mother of all omelettes but his nanomachines won't let him
ATM is a he/him thespian
Much like the dwarves, ATM dug too greedily and too deep (anal masturbation)
atm caught a shiny mewtwo in palworld
If ATM had Twitter in 1939 he would have just told Hitler to kill himself and prevented everything.
ATM's gf: I cheated on you with Merth, sorry :/ || ATM: [rapping] You are a whore, but let's forgive and forgor
atm is afraid of giraffes
ATM's favorite rapper is Miilkbone
ATM's favorite rapper is Jeff the Rapper
ATM has L rizz
ATM likes the adult swim only FLCL sequels
ATM shot me in the ass
atm: "am I worthy of love?" || The shrunken heads of merth and nerfgunner that atm keeps as keychains in unison: "HELL NO" *raucous laughter* || atm: ☹️
ATM is still waiting for the second part of the Angel Beats VN.
Atm still posts Call of Duty kill compilations with Avenged Sevenfold songs playing over them
Atm has no guts, just completely hollow inside. A small child could ride around inside his cavity
atm knows not with what weapons world war III will be fought
ATM ate his W2 and is about to get his return from the IBS
ATM attempted to grill and eat baby Ganyu but he was impaled by a crane before he could.
All adams are the same person
ATM cranks it to the Blue Archive chibi.
Atm got turned into a chair by a cat and merth sat on him and farted for 7 straight minutes
Atm is not well
Atm shot hitler…full of cum!
It is specifically stated in ATM’s will that none of us are to be notified of his death until after the cremation
atm calls it a comeback despite having been repeatedly advised not to
After sex ATM always asks for him cum back
ATM lost the Mandate of Heaven after jacking off during a board meeting
ATM’s mom tried to abort him when he was 17
atm is too busy for shenanigans
atm pronounces "bling" with a rhotic
atm, singing: "I rode through the desert on a horse with no name" || the horse: "my name is George" || atm: "holy shit you can talk?" || George: "yes and you've been singing the same line from that song for 3 fucking days" || atm: "its the only line I know. By the way, aren't you a girl horse?" || George: "yeah so what? A girl can be named George" || atm: "I guess. Also, why do you sound like Seth MacFarlane?" || George: "I learned english from watching Family Guy funny moments"
ATM grilled and ate the grill
ATM is Thane of your ass
ATM grilled and ate my weed guy
Atm recently announced that he’s converting to “the religion with the hottest bitches”
atm thought he was going to receive infinite wealth but he only got a video game
Atm gives up and starts showing Finding Nemo in class around March now
Atm gives an incredible dry handjob
ATM has got a hanker for a hunk o' cheese
ATM was married to Mafumafu for about a year in 2021.
Atm is desperate for the approval of a black person
ATM got a low taper fade.
atm's job on the anarchist commune would be public masturbator
every morning atm wakes up, loads one bullet into a revolved, spins the cylinder, puts it against his head, and pulls the trigger
when threatened, atm can move all the fat in his body to his ass making it so large that even white boys gotta shout "baby got back"
atm's performance of "The Thong Song" at karaoke was so good, there was an article in the paper about it the next day
atm spends so much money on blacked.com they send him a personalized christmas card every year
atm tried really hard, didn't get very far and in the end it mattered a lot and he's probably getting fired over this
ATM is on the outside, and he's looking in. He can see through you, see your true colors, see that you're full of poop
atm has entered your butt
ATM designed the Sunnen HTA-4100
if you go to Subway and order "The ATM" they give you a 12" wheat roll with a brick of heroin on it
atm always needs to be the smartest person in the room so he became a mortician
ATM put a switch on a glizzy, but it just smeared hot dog juice on the screen
ATM likes a meaty pussy
ATM dressed up as Justin Trudeau for halloween 2020
atm tried to light his bullies on fire with his mind and instead shit his pants
atm is wearing a crop top that says "I gayed away the pray"
ATM took a dump in the sump pump
Merth: Hey ATM can you teach me mahjong? It seems like fun. || ATM: Sure bro! Let's get started right away, I'll be the dealer. \*starts setting up the game* || ATM: Ok so I start by drawing a tile ||  \*draws tile*  || Tsumo! Tenhō! Sūankō tankimachi! Daisūshi! Tsūīsō! I take 288 000 points from you and win with 313 000 to -263 000! || \*starts punching merth in the face and steals his kidneys*
atm wants to get in the fucking robot but ikari gendou won't let him
🎵 atm and merth sitting in an office f-i-l-i-n-g-t-a-x-e-s. First comes an idea, then comes conspiracy, then comes the feds in a SWAT van! 🎵
Atm only drinks raw milk. Not because he hates pasteurization but because he wants milk "straight from the tiddy"
atm isn't beating the bozo allegations
atm grew really big and squished merth around between his giant stinky toes
When ATM closes his eyes it almost feels like nothing changed at all
ATM is a Stoic Omega
ATM wants a gamerjob... from YOU! 🫵
Atm lies about his Bulgarian heritage
atm wants to treat women with respect but his lifestyle guru won't let him
ATM jorked off into the emergency eye wash station reservoir
Atm called his parents “mommy” and “daddy” until he was 27
ATM’s got a gun!
After being held up in customs for years, ATM's Rushia engagement ring has arrived! He hasn't checked Twitter in ages but he's excited to tell everyone about it!
Atm bought a pet license for his boyfriend
Atm has pet insurance for everyone on this server
ATM kidnapped Selen Tatsuki and is making her watch Peppa Pig clockwork orange style
Atm got LEDs grafted under his skin so that he could have a glowing womb tattoo
atm exists
ATM is cute and has a nice arch
ATM is working on a system where everyone in this server draws a lotto number and whoever has the "winner" gets beat to death with his bad dragon toys
ATM still writes hate mail to Oliver Stone over the movie "JFK"
ATM got banned from XBOX Live by Merth's dad, who works at Microsoft, and can beat up ATM's dad
atm thinks RetroArch is driving around St-Louis, Missouri with a 60s Mustang
ATM's got something for your punk ass
atm buried the lede in autumn and now he can't find it
atm obliterates a log of wood just by thinking really hard about 2016
Atm left 9 men behind in the congo to fend for thenselves
Atm out here turning the spoken word into slurs
Atm visits the gynecologist often despite the restraining order
atm mods games to increase ass sizes
@ℒℯ 『inugatme korone』 thinks 'impregnable' means 'able to be made pregnant' and thus has been having sex with a castle every day for the past year
ATM LOVES sludge. I'm gonna give him a sludgejob later tonight.
atm fucked a jews
atm fucked a gamer in the ass
atm slurged his own wibo
ATMs most recent book addresses the lack of a "third toilet" in this day and age
ATM spends more time RPing a she/they on the Weezer Discord than he does on his own server
Im weirdge news, ATM's mom and dad have gotten a divorce and both remarried Merth to be his submissive wife and malewife respectively
ATM is footing the bill for your dad's penis enhancement surgery
ATM graduated Summa Cum Pronouns from Blue Hair University
ATM's favorite boxer has been on massive losing streak, his oshi no KO.
Atm cast a curse of eternal stink on someone but got Uno reverse carded
atm posts mainy on horn
atm died and got reincarnated as an under-funded middle school
ATM has been permanently banned from twitter for telling Elmo to kill himself.
ATM wants to bust in a cow-breasted slag
atm's legal middle name is "long live the confederacy"
atm believes in the sanctity of the us constitution
atm has the power of god *and* anime on his side
Merth told DJ atm to drop a sick beat so atm vomited on the microphone
atm will forgive you if your speech is unclear or absurd
ATM tapes the safety switch down on his space heater so he can lay it sideways
ATM likes speaking in languages such as French and Danish because he can say the word "retard" without people getting mad at him
Atm supports Charlie Kirk's view that the January 6 protesters should've stripped naked and filmed themselves having gay sex
Atm made “Godzilla Minus Two” which is a 45 minute webcam video of him running around his room making Godzilla noises that ends with his sister kicking open his door and shouting “shut the fuck up, get a job” then throwing a brick at his head
ATM was never the same after getting some shrooms from Maomao.
atm has a tight frog hole
atm air fried merth's wallet
atm is a manic bipolar nightmare boy
the only "eternal sunshine" atm will be experiencing is that which falls upon his grave because his mind is not spotless, it is covered in lesions and he is dying
atm is a man with a plan thats gonna use his van to reverse his ban from Disneyland
ATM is FWB with Obama
ATM's angry face attracts bees
atm plays the white guy that can't really act in Asian movies when directors need some white guy
atm and nerfgunner got drunk and went to play swords in the backyard and most of atm came back inside later
Prior to the 17th century, ATM roamed North America alongside a herd of 200,000,000+ guinea pigs
The last 10 censored ATM facts all document ATM's profuse hatred of women and minorities, and Big ATM does not want you to know
ATM is a gay little faggleberry
Atm is advertising free sludgejobs in the neighborhood igloo
Atm sunbathes spread eagle to get a dongtan
ATM posted a picture of his gf on facebook with the text "My autistic penis entering my autistic wife!" so she broke up with him
atm doesn't see race, something that got him in a lot of trouble recently when he drove his car through a local 5K
ATM's piss is undrinkable. Too frothy
An 8-episode biopic about ATM has been greenlit! Season 3 of Dr Death will begin recording in March 2024
Most guys: "I love when in old 3d games moving diagonally is faster cuz it's just the sum vector of frontways and sideways" || ATM: "I love when... wiboslurga? 🤪 "
atm knows what you mean by "mississippi queen"
atm blocks lolis but he bookmarks luólìs
atm will NOT shut the fuck up about Batman the animated series
ATM likes to beat it
ATM is pee
Atm: The Movie has been described by critics as "the worst thing put to film" and "an insult to the medium." One orphan that got an advanced screening of it said "I'm glad my entire family was brutally slaughtered in that genocide because they were at least spared that three and a half hour experience"
atm found god doing heroin in Bend, Oregon and atm helped Him get clean and make something with His life
*atm, looking at a child*: "hey kid, you think you can hold an AK-47?"
ATM keeps suggesting adding non-rock musicians to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and they keep doing it because it makes boomers upset
atm is the Hideo Kojima of 7-11 parking lot fights
ATM always follows the Ten (Crack) Commandments
ATM's impersonation business seems to be taking a downturn. It appears modern audiences don't care for his new impersonations of Ray Charles and Biggie Smalls
atm references episodes of South Park other than the same 10 or so episodes that everyone references
atm is the 5th most populous city in Missouri if herpes infections count as people
atm got that pizza feet
ATM is pushing the dosage limits of Mucinex for pleasure
atm broke both of his steparms
ATM is in hot water over allegedly discriminatory policies regarding access to his communal mouth
S&M? Yeah, I love S&M: Spaggots & Mince || \- ATM
ATM only has a single, round lip
ATM is a "nipple ninja" if you know what I mean
After a recent lesson on metaphors, ATM’s employment was terminated like a middle schooler after they were attacked by 4 badgers
Atm married merth
Atm was banned from Instagram for being unpleasant to look at
ATM's tinder profile states he "wants to be the Kevin to your Pam" (he loves ugly fat guy NTR)
ATM misunderstood the Butlerian Jihad in Dune and burned Five at the stake
ATM knows how to behave in situations
ATM was dishonorably discharged from the Salvation Army
ATM wrote a 3 page manifesto on why merth is damaging his reputation.
Atm stuns in new crime scene photo!
ATM grilled and ate the body of Christ
ATM came in my Klein bottle
atm's disability claim was denied because there was no detectable change in his cognitive function after he got hit in the head by a brick
on the first day of classes atm walked into the classroom and all the students immediately started laughing
atm posted Hole in the music channel
ATM wants to cum on a pizza
ATM wants to cum in his own ass
The decision to kill merth on ATM's financial results will be negligible.
ATM is giving cool
Atm just said something wildly offensive about Italians
Atm went blind for three days and was healed and baptized by a dude named Banana
atm can see typos in spoken word cuz he eats a lot of carrots
ATM talks in order to show off what he knows, rather than to engage in conversation
ATM yelled at the monolith and the crops all withered 😦
ATM fuckin' loves peas
atm peas in a frying pan
The only requirement atm has for a woman is that she wait for the third date to kiss
ATM asks British women to send him "meter pics"
It's okay to show ATM on tv, but you have to put him in a historical context
When a woman has a big ass: || Normal reaction: Nice ass bro || ATM's reaction: Bitch got a ass
ATM grilled and ate the Antikythera mechamism
ATM is a bit of a schlimazel
atm is going to have to rethink the name and marketing for his Philadelphia-based pediatrics practice
ATM can't stop drinking crude oil
atm yobai'd merth
Atm suffers from severe mental illness
ATM has huge tits
ATM runs a septic pump truck service paid under-the-table
ATM is about to cum
ATM jacked off with a spaghetti
ATM's tamagocchi killed itself.
Atm built an invisible bridge to Europe
ATM fucked Guterres
ATM wants to fuck a Pringle
ATM is a paid shill for big fungus
Yikes! ATM was playing Minecraft on Merth's account when Phat logged in and started talking to him so he panicked and logged out
ATM invented a new pokemon called Spuglet that's legal to fuck
ATM went to Jeff Bridges' handshake event and got him with a 5000V hand buzzer
ATM murdered the ancient aliens guy with a golf club
atm shits just like the rest of us: one ass at a time
Rumor has it ATM had one of his vertebrae removed so he could slurp his own hog
ATM pronounces joke "jōk"
ATM deserves to be bred by strong stock
Scumbag ATM: doesn't haul ass
atm has beautiful legs (his ex-girlfriend's)
ATM has a nimbus cloud that's the exact opposite of the ones from Dragon Ball. As long as ATM does something bad every 5 minutes or so he can continue to ride it. ATM meets this criteria by saying a slur every few minutes.
atm has a nearly encyclopedic knowledge of 2000s Atlanta-area rap and hip hop artists
ATM is a coombait grifter who doesn't even like videogames
ATM made a dildo that hurts and doesn't even feel good because he hates women
Atm is a female dwarf
little known fact: Y2K wasn't a problem because of years of hard work by sweaty geeks, it was because the governments of the world got together and sacrificed atm to the machine god that sleeps beneath Palo Alto
atm thinks liking a character or piece of media means you agree with them and think they are good
ATM won't stop
atm wears condoms in his shoes to support his plantar fasciitis
atm is the king of moo moo street
bagels of significant width are banned from the atm household
ATM's unique power is being able to tell what your political affiliation is with a blowjob. First he sucks you off then he asks who you vote for
Crypto nerd: this is good for bitcoin  || ATM: this is good for bi||g chungus||!
atm invests in chunguscoin
atm keeps breaking into merth's house at night and eternal sunshining his memories with a hammer
ATM grilled and ate a bene gesserit witch
ATM has literal balls of steel due to an industrial accident
ATM still calls the super bowl the Superb Owl and says they play handegg
ATM's favorite food is refried beans
ATM is mostly white
atm won't stop being annoying about Lana Del Ray
atm and nerfgunner were practicing ninja throwing stars in merth's basement and atm got eunuch'd
whenever one of atm's friend's claims to be gay or bi he tries very hard to picture them having sex with another man
atm didn't take his merth control this morning, a mistake he'll soon regret
ATM may be large but his ass is NOT in charge
ATM can ice skate up hill
"Adolf Hitler" -atm, on why he's carrying around a box of loose handguns
atm hated drama, and merth was fucking Shakespeare (their neighbor)
ATM suggested we replace the term "jigger" with "jaggot"
atm and merth were bathing together and atm slipped and well, lets just say hijinks ensued (atm hit his head and is now in a coma)
atm asked for a "Tekken-themed blowjob" as a Valentine's Day gift
Maomao grilled and ate ATM and was delighted by how toxic he was.
atm likes to do drugs. Marijuana, heroin, tylenol, estradiol, LSD, meth, wellbutrin, doesn't matter, he just loves doing drugs
Olive Garden gets their bread sticks from ATM and their thumbs from cuda
atm is currentlydirecting and starring in a movie about Reddit where he says he'll do his own stunts with no elaboration on why there are stunts in a movie about Reddit
atm gets minor league and little league baseball confused a lot
atm was described by Southeast Missouri's premier culture magazine, the SEMO Collector, as "one of Southeast Missouri's most harmless weirdos"
atm peed on ur face
atm keeps trying to fax me a gun
ATM busted in the shrimp buffet
atm got his skull caved in with a melodica
Atm just got BLACKED!
atm fell asleep with a lit cigarette in his hand
atm has girl power in that the police found those missing Girl Scouts running on hamster wheels in atm's basement to power his house
When a vtuber graduates, they are actually grilled and eaten by ATM and his poop is what they are reincarnated as.
ATM's edgy atheist phase has been going on for 20 years with no signs of stopping
ATM has several flying spaghetti monster tattoos, and claims to have an invisible pink unicorn tattoo
I was watching pornography with atm and he was visibly erect the whole time. Gross.
ATM should make his own kind of music
atm plays the cowbell
ATM is a poledancer at the Boston Filharmonic
ATM is a washed up has-been
atm was recently released from a mental institution, which is interesting because America doesn't have those anymore thanks to Reagan
atm walked into the fortune teller's tent and she immediately started laughing
everyone has a job they are genetically predetermined for based on their skull shape, unfortunately for atm his ideal job is eunuch
this Valentine's Day, atm is makig all your dreams come true. All of them, including that one.
atm invented the machine that makes your waifus real the day after he finished his comprehensive ranking of his waifus and it did not end well for him
Atm is outside your window. He is jacking off. You make eye contact. You want to look away. You can’t look away. He won’t look away. You feel it. This is how you die.
atm is a magical girl with cum-beam attacks
ATM slagged off John Wilkes Booth
ATM is gonna give you a sludgepie
*"Girls of reddit, what would you do if your boyfriend filled your vagina with sludge while you were sleeping?"* || ~ Question posted by ATM on AskReddit with unclear but definitely real ulterior motives
ATM is in the mood for cattle and love play
Atm is so horny right now it’s probably taking years off his life
ATM wants to ban guns
Most guys: My favourite show is *Homes under the hammer* || ATM: My favourite show is *Killing urban youth with hammers*
atm makes sure all the crabs stay in the bucket
ATM saw black, brown, yellow, and women and turned 360 degrees and walked away
atm used Kiki's Delivery Service to have a gallon of lube and a 4 foot long dragon dildo delivered
ATM made it guys, he's on the list!! <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_guys_who_should_be_killed_with_hammers>
ATM's therapist was excited to see some proactive suggestions when he suggested CBT. This turned to disgust as ATM elaborated.
ATM always dual wields irony and sincerity
ATM was kicked out of his house because he wouldn't stop eating his mom's lipstick
ATM’s apostrophes are looking a little weird if you ask me.
ATM really wants to grope you
Most girls: I'm so freaking grateful for my ex || ATM: I'm so freaking grateful for... fermented hog semen!
ATM is below the height of consent.
ATM is standing outside your window right now, with a boombox, doing the gangnam style dance
ATM has been very vocal about stand-your-ground laws applying to masturbation
ATM just got unbirthed
atm invented an autism vaccine then went back in time to give it to George Lucas
Atm has been collecting large amounts of genetic material from gay men in hopes of finally isolating the gay gene
Atm is positively magnetic. He really pulls everything in the room towards him (he's wearing a suit lined with magnets)
“Tonight is gonna be a movie” atm said, ominously
Atm stayed out past curfew one night as a rebellious tween and fell victim to the local child predator, a giant hawk that eats children
ATM is a vampire who specializes in assisting those with priapism.
ATM grilled and ate Madeleine McCann
ATM gave grandma a titty twister  😦
ATM grilled and ate Ross Geller
Atm claims a wizard gave him a curse that forces him to sniff people's butts but everyone knows he's actually just a sicko
ATM's love language is axe
Before he met atm, Mike's lemonade was soft
Atm believes in the grand unifying Pratt theory that claims that all Chris Pratt movies are in the same universe
Atm stores his oats under the bed
atm swears his oaths under his breath
atm is rebranding! (the police found the bodies and he's fleeing the country)
atm is retarded
Atm got super drunk last night and woke up naked on merth’s lawn
Atm is the father of 3081 children born around November 14
ATM always takes part in no wipe november
atm had a time travel arc that spanned 3 seasons and revolved around preventing his own circumcision
When ATM was a baby the doctor accidentally went up a dimension during his circumcision
ATM grilled and ate Big Narstie
when atm was a baby the doctor accidentally went into the tardis and travelled to the heat death of the universe
ATM can no longer proudly call himself a nipple ninja.
ATM loves nature. Subscribe to his onlyferns *here*
ATM grilled and ate the Big Chungus.
ATM can deadlift an entire bucket of hog semen
ATM makes it a point to ask about a company's work environment during interviews. Any answer besides "our work environment is hostile" causes ATM to immediately withdraw his application.
ATM is a composite of all queer stereotypes, including Butch, Femme, Bear, and Twink.
Atm can drink 7 beers in under a minute
People are said to meet atm while walking along mountain paths or resting in the mountains. Upon reading a person's mind, atm would say the person's thoughts aloud faster than a human could.
ATM is deceptively athletic
ATM's taint musk has hints of vanilla
ATM is 39 years old
Loving would be easy if your colors were like ATM's dreams, brown yellow and white (shit piss and cum)
Atm gaslit finana
ATM made a sex game with hundreds of male characters, but they all share the same cock model
atm has an illegitimate child named Zhuge Liang. His full name is Zhuge Liang Fernandez and he was born in El Paso
atm is a blossoming, beautiful woman
ATM already jacked off twice today and wants to have a third session with you over FaceTime
@ℒℯ 『inugatme korone』 runs a "ranked competitive horniness tournament" that has inadvertently caused at least 3 separate gooning epidemics to break out
atm is a bit flemish; he's not completely flem
ATM fingered Freddy
ATM's digestive system functions like a pez dispenser
baby shark is about atm
atm is a dirty net-decker
Internet funny guy ("boke"): I may be stupid || ATM: I may be... the Big Chungus!
ATM burglarizes people who go on antiques roadshow and reveal they own expensive antiques
atm has "good atenttion to detail" on his resume
atm was noticeably nicer to Jewish people after watching Schindler's List
atm sleeps shirtless and wearing jeans with a belt
atm lives in hoboken
Atm mentally keeps track of his men tally
ATM posts cat pictures in main instead of the cat pictures channel because he thinks he's better than everyone else
ATM got a rocket launcher
atm's favorite animal is the homo sapiens
atm attributes good Russian things to the Russian Federation and bad Russian things to the Soviet Union regardless of what time those things happened or were produced
atm has been banned from over 40 churches for barging in and spoiling the ending of the bible
atm got the wrong size venison rods
most of atm's acting credits are for "nazi soldier" or "clown prostitute"
atm has a big chungus onahole
L'chaim! Atm is now Jewish!
atm calls his wife his "old lady" because she's 82 years old but its not weird cuz they met when she was 22 although there was a really problematic age gap back then
ATM has milkers and pudgy hands
ATM wants a stinky femcel gf
atm's sloppy handwriting makes て and と look the same
"Well, she isn't really up to my standards, but I suppose I'd let her suck me off if she asked" || \- ATM on Taylor Swift, Pam from The Office, and Margaret Thatcher in her prime (age 55)
ATM has a picross puzzle tattooed on his back and if you complete it it's a picture of ATM face fucking Alf while getting rimmed by Bill Clinton in Alf cosplay
atm didn't really understand smoking the first time he did it so he he just ate the cigar whole
atm's sloppy handwriting makes n and u look the same
Somewhat like cookie dough, ATM stole and ate raw clam cakes as a child
atm washes his dishes with a lot of salt and oil
ATM started playing NIKKE because of ass but then he stopped because the gameplay was shit but then he started playing again when he found out you could fuck the Nikkes
Whenever ATM does something terrible and problematic he blames it on autism and he is absolved of all guilt.
atm is pulling off brian
atm tells people him and his girlfriend have been together since middle school whenever she picks him up from work for date night
atm is frothy and scumpilled
atm fucked a goblins
atm made an OnlyFans hoping to earn enough money to buy an Eames chair but no one really wanted to see him naked and they especially didn't want to see him naked and doing really bad card tricks
atm busted in his big chungus onaho but forgot to wash it and left it in the kitchen sink so his grandma found it and cleaned it and put it on his desk, awkward!
atm has a fungal infection on his dick he calls his "chungus fungus"
atm is a bishie
ATM is a huge mama's boy
ATM manages all of BlackRock's investment strategies
Atm has been beset by a deep sense of ennui and also syphillis
every day the concept of pooping slips out of atm's feeble mind, and every day atm receives a stinky reminder of his inevitable fate
it is not enough that atm would succeed; others must fail
ATM bought all the Rick and Morty NFTs
In order to promote gun rights, ATM is changing his name from "Attack the Moon" to "Machine Gun the Moon"
ATM's version of 4'33", which consists of a seven minute fart, won thirteen different awards
atm has really checked out as a teacher and is out of movies to let the brats watch so he just lets them play Russian roulette with his revolver
ATM did the cinnamon challenge with a spoon full of heroin
the only thing keeping atm alive right now is the fact that the windows in his office don't open and a fall from the 3rd floor might not be lethal anyway
atm has been front row at so many Limp Bizkit concerts that the band recognizes him and does not look happy to see him
atm's girlfriend dumped him on April Fool's Day and instead of being weird about canned pineapple expiration dates, he drank too much then fell in a canal and drowned
atm has been really getting into dry humping lately
atm's student's noticed he's been sad lately so they surprised him by putting a noose and a stool in the middle of the room
ATM is the worst dressed character in Arknights
atm shaves his legs but only from mid-thigh to mid-shin
ATM looks at ai generated pictures of feet every night
ATM remembers when /r/BestOfOutrageCulture was good (never)
atm got a real big booty but it still couldn't fit his enormous footy
Atm is on a first name basis with the local traffic court judges
ATM always blasts rap at the drive-thru on the chance the workers are black so they know he's cool
ATM once told falafels that he has sex, but was misunderstood as saying "I have six [ounces of crack cocaine] daily" and had to take up a cracksmoking habit out of shame.
ATM once had an IT job where he regularly worked with people in India. He lost his job after he would get hammered during work hours because of a drinking game he invented called "drink whenever someone says the word 'kindly'"
ATM thinks a Rube Goldberg machine is any machine created by a Jewish country bumpkin
atm farted in my ass that's why i farted
they say that each time you fart a little bit of atm's spirit leaves your soul
ATM wrote a sequel to Atlas Shrugged called Atlas Pogged
atm really misses the glory days of heroin addiction
ATM’s mom used to sell his blood so she could bet on dog races
ATM’s girlfriend doesn’t let him hold her hand in public
atm is still a virgin because he can't find his mating rock
Atm is Dorink... ❤️
Ariana: I'm so fuckin* grateful for my ex || ATM: I'm so fuckin* grateful for... the Big Chungus!
ATM's new nickname is "Le annoying dipshit"
ATM makes Christian-themed rewrites of pop songs
Atm died doing what he loved, falling asleep holding a lit cigarette while admiring his oily rag collection
Atm is starting a line of shoes and thinks they'll do well with black people since they "love shoes"
ATM zero-summed.
"Big and chungus, big and chungus - go together like my dick and fungus" || \- ATM's spoof on the married... with children intro
ATM is a sphinccel (anus too tight)
atm has absorbed merth into his considerable mass
atm got in trouble at work for shoving a shrimpy student in a tuba then having a beefy student blow real hard to bwomf the shrimpy kid across the room
atm owns a lot of male masturbatory aids
atm has a really greasy forehead
atm got in trouble at work for using a shrimpy kid and a beefy kid to make surf'n'turf
not all of atm's students came back from the field trip to the zoo
ATM has a pizza onahole
ATM thinks there's only one kind of angel in the bible
ATM smells like fermented hog semen!
atm will tell you this isn't even his final form when it obviously is
ATM is on the fence as far as public indecency laws go. The police got him down, but this is his third violation of the year.
ATM wants to fart on a pizza
Most guys: i have pizza feet || Atm: Yeah, It's gangam time 😎 \*does gangam style dance*
Atm is a feareful and terrible beast to beholdd, it hath high and thicke eie lids, eies not very great, but much like an Oxe or Bugils, but all fiery-bloudy, which neyther looke directly forwarde, nor yet upwards, but continuallye downe to the earth, and therefore are called in Greeke Atmobleponta. From the crowne of their head downe to their nose they have a long hanging mane, which maketh them to looke fearefully. It eateth deadly and poysonfull hearbs, and if at any time he see a Bull or other creature whereof he is afraid, he presently causeth his mane to stand upright, and being so lifted up, opening his lips, and gaping wide, sendeth forth of his throat a certaine sharpe and horrible breath, which infecteth and poysoneth the air above his head, so that all living creatures which draw in the breath of that aire are greevously afflicted thereby, loosing both voyce and sight, they fall into leathall and deadly convulsions.
ATM's thrussy is greased up and ready for combat!
ATM is the husband of the Cow
Being strapped for cash and super horny, ATM stole one of his sister's tampons, stuck it up his butt halfway, and pretended the string was a furry tail.
When Atm wants a footlong sub from Subway he asks for a slong
one of atm's students asked him what the cause of the Civil War was and he just pulled out a flask and started editing his resume
atm made a godzilla movie where godzilla is a metaphor for the intense romantic longing one feels for his next door neighbor
ATM has a special tartar sauce surprise for you
Is ATM actually secretly smart, funny, attractive, and rich? Nope!
atm lives in a stupa
atm is still in love (horse)
Atm is eagerly awaiting for the Powerwash Simulator foreskin dlc
ATM's intestines are clogged
atm directly smokes weed (just pluck out the whole plant and throws it in the smoker)
atm is "organic" (grown in petri dish)
atm is the boss of the first level but he also shows up as a regular enemy in the last level
atm's uninstaller executes silently in the background and never gives any indication of success or failure
atm is the guy that programmed Windows 11 to restart anyway when you select "update and shutdown"
*in the whitest nerd voice you've ever heard* atm: "ok guys are you ready?" || Zaytoven: "jesus christ gucci where'd you find this cracker?" || Gucci Mane: "I thought he was with you" || atm: "o-ok well if you'll just drop a sick beat I'll start laying down some hot rhymes" || Gucci Mane: "I'm getting paid for this right?" || atm: "ok here I go" *atm starts rapping* "Quarter brick, half a brick, whole brick, ayy. Quarter pound, half a pound, whole pound, okay" || Zaytoven: "Holy shit" || atm, rapping: "Hundred pills, thousand pills, serving major weight, Deerman and Gucci Mane make the trap 'ayy'" || Gucci Mane: "This white boy has the juice"
ATM is my xitter cosplayfu
"hacker voice: I'm in!" - atm during sex
ATM filled your girlfriend's vagina with cement while she was sleeping
atm was sentenced to death in a feminized swede court
ATM is working on a twitlonger about localization, it's currently over 50 pages long
atm is localized entirely within your kitchen
actually, atm does recognize this ceiling
ATM is a renaissance bitch
atm will let you top him if you're super sad and lonely and ask nicely
atm has a folder in his pornography directory called "NYC sanitation workers 1973-1976"
\*slaps atm's ass*
atm is hosting an End of Evangelion goon-a-long viewing in his basement
ATM is releasing merch! Space deer t-shirt, horn coat hanger, and anus pic acrylic standee
ATM beat falafels to death with merth
ATM's hairy stinky buttcunny <:headpat:764121132449529886> <:headpat:764121132449529886> 🥵🥵😻😻😻
atm heard the phrase "smoking on gas" and exploded his face attempting it himself
Atm has iridocyclitis
the Japanese customs agent took one look at atm and immediately denied him entry into the country for "having weird vibes relative even to an American weeb"
atm beat the prostitution charges because its not actually prostitution if no one is willing to pay
ATM compulsively eats all scobys within 100m
ATM is rife with pustules
"If the switch is so good, how come there's no switch 2?" - ATM after his grandmother told him to fetch her a switch
ATM will NOT shoot an explosive barrel if it isn't red
ATM grilled and ate ya boy Calliope Mori
Atm regularly looks online for updates on Harold Ramis. He loves Egon Surfing
ATM uses the profits from his property rentals to buy hard liquor for the homeless
atm has a fungus problem
ATM has changed his name to Spöga
atm drives a hearse as his daily driver
atm was watching a porno that was doing a behind the scenes thing and filmed the camera operator's monitor and he was too focused on the camera settings to watch the broad getting railed
atm just got punched in the nards
ATM peed a little in his pants
atm made a hot air balloon that looks like merth's face and flew it across the country
Atm refers to himself as The Hog Lord in the bedroom
ATM has cunty bones
atm buried merth in the pet sematary and it apparently only works if the "pet" is actually dead when you bury them
atm grilled and ate an Austrian toddler in the 1890s much to the horror of the Time Justice Corps who had to go back and correct his crime which had some ironically unforeseen consequences
Atm got in touch with his genetic memories and a surprising but logical number of his ancestors were village idiots and town drunks
ATM eats a lot of non-mushroom fungus
ATM smokes cigars in a single long breath
ATM's fungal infection is getting really bad. If you have something you want to say to him, say it now.
You couldn't make ATM these days. The liberals wouldn't be able to stop crying and peeing.
ATM's dad fucked his mom
atm's hobby is doing a Jigsaw from Saw and kidnapping people to force them to play Baba Is You to completion. If they can't do it, he grills and eats them
The thorn in ATM's side is actually a dick in his mouth
ATM only has sex when he's sad, he calls it Mating Depress
ATM grilled and ate the Ides of March.
ATM has resting bitch anus
Merth: We have an army || ATM: We have a the Big Chungus
ATM wants to bang a cow-breasted slag NOW
ATM pissed off the wrong guy
atm recently escaped from prison
ATM sends women unsolicited pictures of his anus
atm recently told his girlfriend he loved her for the first time
atm's a funky munky
a magical girl came to defeat atm with the power of love or something and he castle doctrined her with an AR-15
ATM purposely broke compliance so he can receive "corrective action". How he's broke, unemployed, and blacklisted from his industry.
ATM bends us all
atm trained hard all year for the championship but was disappointed to learn that leap day only happens every four years
Atm gushed over a magical girl and nine months later she came back with a magically ugly baby
Atm is a discord mod and plays fighting games
Atm invented a 2nd merth that plays jazz piano and has a full head of hair
As a healthy alternative to ATM, you can instead put chive cream cheese on some celery
ATM is a sad sack of shit!
atm is unlucky
ATM is a lolicon
ATM puts ketchup inside a sliced bagel and calls it a breakfast sandwich
On romantic evenings, when no one else is around to hear, ATM always calls phat his "Chocolate Chungus"
atm's business card is his venmo sharpie'd on the back of a flattened out pack of marlboros
ATM fucked either Chip or Dale, not sure
atm's coworkers are tired of him sending company-wide emails with beheading videos
Congratulations! You're the 1,000,000th ATM! Click here to redeem your free stool sample
ATM is an Eagle Scout and wears all 40 badges on dates
ATM doesn't know his ABC's
This is $155 worth of ATM. || This $155 isn't even a weeks worth of ATM. || This $155 got us 3 days of ATM, 4... *see more*
atm has a penis in his butthole
ATM is the uncle ruckus of white people
ATM (scumbag) faked irritable bowel syndrome for clout
Atm has itchy butthole syndrome
ATM has itty-bitty balls syndrome
Atm sunked a cunk
atm has a necklace of human ears which he insists is a normal thing to make at summer camp
ATM has a heaving bosom
ATM has a higgs boson
ATM is frequently sticky
ATM is a bakku dansaa
ATM was leaning back in his chair at work and one of the buttons on his flannel popped open revealing his clutch(?) of eggs
ATM's first Pikachu face was when he was smoking ebola weed.
Atm stalks white couples and while they're out of the house, he'll poke every condom they have and replace birth control pills with sugar. Someone's gonna get that birth rate up!
atm wrote a self-insert omegaverse harem novel in which he is a sigma
Atm is a quirked up white boy and he just landed in an Asian country sometime before the 19th century
Atm mails his girlfriend love letters but keeps getting the address wildly wrong and they end up going to a man in federal prison for mail fraud
ATM is a badass healthcare admin Whovian.
Atm is so fucking gay he has never leveled up straight in balatro
ATM is the kinda guy who says "chuffed"
ATM cat calls women and tries to use the golden rule to justify it
atm got a secret balatro achievement for removing all the spades from his deck
ATM bottomed for a train conductor because he wanted his ass railed.
ATM went death con 3 on femboys
ATM's favorite food is Tallahassee boiled grits
ATM is [le]g[ent]eral[le] Hit[le]r
atm was one of the 17 people that came in Aelle at the Aelle Birthday Gangbang
aw jeez, atm forgot to put air holes in the box for nerfgunner's present and now Fred Durst is dead
atm has the beauty of a Hapsburg
atm owns more than 10 identical oversized 働いたら負け t-shirts
ATM works as a diversity consultant at Sweet Baby Inc
*atm walking into the morgue*: "Hi the police called me down here to help identify the body of" *Borat voice while holding back tears* "my wife" *switches back to normal voice* "and my three children. They said they pulled the car out of the lake and it appeared to be a murder-suicide."
"Thy rod 😋... And thy staff 🥺... They cumfart me 🥵" || -ATM
"Life is like a bucket of fermented hog semen - pogged to frick!" \- ATM
atm joined the homosexual mafia
Atm gets nice and brown when baked
Polish your pole as these Poles polish poles in the way only the Polish can down at ATM's Palace of Poles: Peoria's only all Polish pole dancing place of business! A poll in the local paper called it "Peoria's most confusing place."
ATM subhumatardicalized me
ATM is a fucked up freaker
atm went to the MOMA in NYC and stapled two of his turds to the wall below Van Gogh's "Starry Night" because he thinks his turds deserve to be displayed right there below a masterpiece
Atm graduated magna cum relish from hot dog college
atm's student: "yo teach, were you a good student in middle school?" || atm: "yes actually! I was on the honor roll and never missed a day, didn't date or get in trouble or anything like that!" || all of his students: "oh" || The next day nobody showed up for class
Atm has cancer and will die soon!
ATM's ass is public domain.
atm got fired for referring to the new intern as a "fap-worthy female"
Atm feels like water in his town "used to go hard" and got "cucked" by "anti-water shill cucks"
ATM got that spaghetti acne (Junji Ito reference)
ATM wore a reverse bunny girl costume to class today
ATM promised he'd give me a blightsteel colossus for my birthday
ATM promises a lot of things but he never delivers.
you can find atm in the top replies of all your favorite vtubers on twitter!
atm has an adult woman fetish
Atm has a knitting fetish
The song "Who Shot Ya?" by Biggie is long thought to be a taunt at Tupac but it's actually a taunt at ATM
atm's dick is hanging out the bottom of his sailor uniform
when "don't ask, don't tell" was repealed, atm's commanding officer looked at him and said "not you"
ATM is old timey, you pay for him in the alley
ATM fucked Freddey Fazbore
Atm is a dumb bitch but he makes some good points about the nature of fungi
ATM has an enormous fucking horse cock
atm has a tiny tiny butthole
atm doesn't know how to spell spaghetti
Atm is a they
Atm FUCKS BITCHES!!!
ATM worships the Big Chungus
atm has never seen a vtuber model he couldn't crank his hog to
atm set up a secondary feet cam for his zoom meetings
Atm got fired from his job for smoking in the classroom but luckily he was able to quickly find a new teaching job in a weird Japanese city school!
atm thought the rabbit hole was a totally different thing
Atm had a foursome with a Sean, a Shaun and a Shawn
ATM brought a carton of cigarettes for his students to smoke but none of them took his offer because they are lame
ATM cosplayed tayama for his students to smoke with but none of them took his offer because they are lame
Atm still makes Montage Parodies
ATM went hung gliding and had a great time.
Atm ran over Ina with his F-150 and never even noticed
atm goes to city council meetings every week to ask them to make "A dog park but for humans where we can greet each other by sniffing ass"
ATM has actually been assassinated many times. Fortunately, Atm is also clairvoyant so when he knows it's coming he just sends a clone out and lays low for a while.
ATM’s high school guidance counselor suggested he drop out and become a heroin addict
atm possesses the gene that makes cum red
Atm ranked the vtubers from most to least likely to put out
Nerfgunner used to play the sackbut in atm's fagot/horn orchestra
ATM runs multiple chubby girl maid cafes
ATM has a PhD in brapping
ATM throws a kegger on the 14th of every month
ATM spottings increase in frequency before natural disasters
Atm is cock-gobbler coded
Atm aborted a poop
Atm expresses his desire to cream pie various vtubers using increasingly convoluted culinary analogies
FRAUD ALERT: atm used your credit card to buy horse tranquilizers from Russia
Atm grilled and ate one of his students to establish dominance
An unspeakable crime? In a truly heinous act atm has scarred the minds of these poor children by doing something truly terrible to them and violating the trust Missouri society puts in its teachers: he taught them the civil war was about slavery and that slavery was a bad thing
atm grilled and didn't eat jeb bush
Atm convinced Bocchi to convert to Islam
Atm wore really loose shorts and his balls swung around too much and swung into his butthole and got stuck there and then he had to eat beans and fart his own balls out of his own ass
ATM uses Pythagoras and a Ouija board to find his inseam
atm has a very subtle tell when he gets a good hand in poker (he pogs)
atm is messed up in the head (bed hair)
ATM has a large 4.3-inch graphic display
atm made a mod for elden ring where the godskin duo is replaced by the chungus cum duo which is two big chunguses with cum attacks
atm recently got a job as a transit cop working his city's streetcar beat, he's a tram popo
Merth: "I never see you at the club" || atm: "I never see you at Olive Garden" || Nerfgunner: "Why are you two in my bed?"
atm's girlfriend dumped him and immediately got into Merth 2's El Camino
atm never commits fraud ("keeps things simple", he says)
atm thought he was suffering from success but the doctors said it's syphilis
i had sex with atm and he told me it was my fault it hurt because i was a frigid bitch who wasn't producing enough "anal juice"
atm is out of touch
ATM got that drip tho (pus from his nasty fungal infection)
ATM pogged his champ so hard it prolapsed
ATM learned to pole dance on square bar stock, and he's got the scars to prove it.
atm absolutely destroyed his tailbone (bouncing on his boy's dick for 13 hours straight)
all of atm's stage plays include a dog showing up out of nowhere to resolve the main conflict (canis ex machina)
ATM vacations to remote locations to join young capybaras swimming in file behind parent capy
there are some data after the end of atm's payload data
Atm likes to watch Goku on Roku while doing a sudoku beaucoup
Atm insists on doing the Walmart cheer prior to every meeting
atm pooped into the dune popcorn bucket
ATM is a gang member
atm always names his count vars "cnt" and pronounces them correctly
ATM farmer had a farm, E-I-E-I-O 🎵  || And on that farm he had a bucket of fermented hog semen, E-I-E-I-O 🎵  || With a sludge sludge here and a sludge sludge there 🎵  || Here a sludge, there a sludge 🎵  || Everywhere a sludge sludge 🎵  || ATM farmer had a farm, E-I-E-I-O 🎵
ChatGPT keeps referring to ATM as "the man of weak sphincters"
ATM has a major piss fetish
ATM is running for president of the WWF with the slogan 'Meat imitation product is murder'
atm thinks he is threatening when he says "keep your mouth shut or I'll kiss you"
ATM isn't charged heavy-pilled
atm has more stuff in the back
atm forgot to update his truck drivers and they crashed
Great news for ATM fans! ATM will be releasing a new film, 'Life of ATM', in June! It will feature an ED by RADWIMPS titled 'Always look on the fermented side of hog sludge'
If you make ATM cum, he will kill you for stealing his water. Suck him without rhythm.
ATM sucked off his dad to spite his mom
ATM is actually polish, his real name is Tomasz
ATM gets extremely heated if you don't use a cast iron properly (for bashing people's skulls in)
ATM grilled and ate Scumbag Steve
Success breeds jealousy, ATM breeds ants
ATM is untrustworthy
ATM has nine coke nails
atm's girlfriend's dad said atm had to beat him at fighting games to keep dating his daughter and now atm is single
atm brought a knife to a gun fight and was disqualified for an equipment violation. Fucking idiot
ATM drops his pants and farts directly into his HEPA filter air purifier
atm was watching an X-Files VHS late at night once when Mulder looked directly at him and said "atm this is all real"
In certain circles, ATM is known as "White Morpheus"
atm is baby
atm grilled and ate all the churros
ATM made a fungal infection juice that tastes like piss
atm only watches the Oscars so he can be a huge bitch about what people are wearing on the red carpet
ATM is a libcrud
This Switcheroo Sunday, *ATM* would like a picture of *your* anus.
ATM came by the blood of jesus
ATM grilled and ate his starter pokemon
atm thinks he is iebe but he's obviously burube
atm boycotted the oscars because frieren didn't win any
atm can fix her (he is a veterinarian)
atm supports simple pdf-editing functions such as 90-degree page rotations and splitting or joining of files
Atm needs his peanits jorked and he doesn’t care who jorks it as long as they are super hot
Atm just posted his updated list of fetishes for the 2024 season and let’s just say a certain francophone might want to make themself scarce when atm has a case of the beefswells
ATM likes teaching sex ed because he can practice his stand up routine of just saying the words "penis" and "vagina" and have a bunch of prepubescents laugh
ATM went to Starbucks in Japan
ATM is a paid shill for gaming
atm's body is a temple and he loves vandalism
Atm is redundant
ATM forgot to put an Oxford comma once so I hope he fucking dies
Atm calls C-SPAN to talk about his penis
Atm calls C-SPAN to talk about... the Big Chungus!
to this day atm thinks merth is a shiny pikachu (he keeps him as a pet)
atm was an astonishingly ugly baby
ATM's butthole smells like butthole
ATM grilled and ate his twin in the womb.
Atm was a CIA experiment to create someone so gay they came back around to being straight
atm is goated on the sticks
atm casts himself in civil war era movies he directs so he can say the n word
ATM believes in the politicians he votes for
ATM speaks in a caribbean accent now
ATM's students really don't pull their punches
Atm gets really offended when people DON'T assume his gender and sexuality based on how he dresses.
ATM accidentally bought terf wipes instead of terp wipes and now his bong keeps calling him an autogynophile
ATM is very involved in oshi no ko twitter discourse
ATM's younger stepsister only has sex with him on days that are divisible by 3 or on days that include the number 3
ATM is having some financial issues and isn't very liquid right now. He is, however, rock hard.
*atm walking out of the gloryhole booth wiping his mouth*: "calories in!" || *atm violently shitting his pants for 5 minutes straight*: "calories out!"
ATM doesn't watch anime that pass the reverse Bechdel test
ATM is unbelievably racist
ATM: \*dies* (scumbag) || Phat: Yeah, this is NOT giving gangnam style || Merth: That's racist bro || ATM: Racist how || Merth: I'm talking to phat || Phat: Racist how || Merth: Against korean's (the native americans of the far east) || Phat, ATM: nah this is tea  || Phat, Merth: how is ATM (dead) (scumbag) still talking || ATM: touch hole and find out || Merth: \*touches ATM's lips* || ATM: \*bites off merth's finger* || Phat: \*touches ATM's lower lips (mildly prolapsed anus)* || ATM: Uguu~ \*cums* || Phat: So how are you still talking  || ATM: Through the power of (voice becomes dark) necromancy... || Merth: \*removes mask to reveal skull* i am a necromancer
ATM wears a skirt under his pants
atm went on a date with einstein on his birthday
ATM is a character designer for Dead By Daylight
ATM tried to murder big chungus but big chungus dodged
ATM grilled and ate bofa
atm has a bed at the airport because he loves sleeping in plane site
atm will now proceed to pleasure himself with this fish
ATM gapped up this morning creating a bit of fomo pre-market
if you ask atm how his day was he'll yap about stupid shit for the next hour
atm has a rearview camera and audio signal for when he sits down on his dump truck ass
Atm was a member of the Jackson 6
ATM is a paid shill for big fermented food
ATM smells like dogshit because he stepped in dogshit (accidental) and then smeared it all over himself (intentional)
Atm is a paid shill for teh interwebz
In ATM town, "weird fungus" is just normal fungus
atm named his russian daughter Seisovitch and thinks that's funny
*atm opening his 5th bottle of wine for the day*: "you know in Europe this is considered a normal amount to drink in a day"
atm unalived merth for having g*y seggs with one of atm's oomfs which was low key problematic cuz the oomf is only 26 which is literally a minor
atm wants to serve cunt but his gender won't let him
I peeped through ATM's bedroom window at him having sex, and the other person was doing all the work while ATM was just shouting SEEEEEEEX over and over
atm made it his life mission to remove pussies from bios
atm just came back from the park crying and muttering about "uninventing basketball." Guess the chemo patients from the children's hospital were at the park again
atm saw big honkers and his mood ring exploded
atm was escorted out of a showing of Dune Part 2 for constantly yelling about how things were different in the books
when atm got to the gates of heaven St. Peter said heaven is closed to sinners like you and atm replied that applebee's is open til midnight and thats the only heaven he's ever needed
atm can't speak english
when atm says he's got that dawg in him he means Rowlf is fucking him in the ass
ATM is a paid shill for Stupid Co.
atm is still really into gamergate
atm has a funko pop of my shit i took yesterday
Atm has a song in his heart, a gun in his hand and 10 hostages left don’t fuck with me cop I told you I’d shoot a hostage if I saw any cops do you think this is a fucking game?
atm is broke
ATM just blundered clumsily – what a gaffe! 😂
ATM desperately wants to get laid
ATM has good proportions and a plump ass
Atm puts Dan Schneider's foot fetish to shame
Atm is regulated under fair use law
Atm patrols the Alaska-Canada border for illegal immigrants
atm posted coal
Atm has a hobby where he battle boards all his favorite characters against Jesus
ATM redeemed
I've been trying to teach ATM the word 'yesterday' but he keeps pronouncing it 'yeansterdÿ'
Atm is the Kwisatz Haderach of drunk driving
i cut open atm's head and used an electric mixer to scramble his brains and then i sold the slurry as indian street food and then i pissed in his head to replace the brains and stitched it back up
ATM Captured the Moment
atm likes meatballs
ATM considers himself the slightly more aggressive, muggle counterpart of Luna Lovegood. He loves to dip his cookies in vegan chai and watch babies of all species sleep peacefully.
ATM knows multiple people named Hamburger who own McDonald's franchises
ATM is a big fan of the saying "it's easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission", also known as the concept of retroactive consent
atm yaps
im gonna slurp my hog only got 20 dollars in my frog hole i i im cumming looking for a cum up this is fucking trollface yo what up walk into the club like whatup i got a big CHUNGUS fast so ware in the thrift shop monthly daily monthly yearly but when i'm coming out bro, i'm coming straight out of BIG CHUNGUS || \- atm's new rap song
atm low-key gives me the ick
following the success of merth 2, atm created a merth 3 that doesn't really have any hobbies and has hair but a bald spot however he's generally overall happy with his lot in life and gets off sexually to being strangled
Atm is a <:burgerbottom:811768945177526273> in that he's american and takes it in the ass
ATM thinks he circumsized big chungus, but it was a decoy. Big chungus was never circumsized
Atm has a lot of disability representation in his sexual fetish list
ATM can now be a diversity hire
atm designs all of his characters with an ahoge
rest in peace atm: died doing what he loved, trying to prove there is good in everyone. Unfortunately he was wrong.
ATM is a team building exercise
ATM is an accelerationist. He thinks a person's worth is based on how fast they can accelerate to top speed.
ATM'S favorite era in US history is definitely the one with the racism
atm fell asleep with his stomach uncovered and instead of catching a cold, he caught tickles from the tickle monster! Then he was disemboweled by the Disemboweler
ATM's love life's D.O.A.
ATM survived 7 days on COPE ISLAND
Having a conversation with ATM is a lot like pissing with a boner.
*atm texting his girlfriend*: "put on pantyhose and give me a footjob while looking at me like you despise me tonight queen??" || *atm's parole officer*: "is my contact name still 'girlfriend' in your phone?"
ATM is a eunuch
normal guy: shenanigans || atm: shenaniGUNS 🔫 🔫 🔫 🔫 🔫 🔫
atm is american 🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷🇱🇷
atm has very pretty eyes, in a jar
atm's wedding ceremony and vows had way too many puns to be taken seriously
atm needs tp for his bunghole
atm moonlights as a junkyard dog (he wears a fursuit)
ATM uses boku when speaking to black people
ATM engineers in neutral but we're cheering him on, and he did a burnout once on accident
Atm had that dream again and this time the clock was a little less blurry
Saying you're self conscious about your ass only makes atm want to eat it more
*atm walking into the gloryhole booth after his crush walked out*: "omg an indirect kiss how lewd!" *starts giving the sloppiest head you've ever seen*
atm fell into the taffy stretching machine at the taffy factory and got torn apart
atm forgot to pour slop in the slop trough in the merth enclosure this morning and merth 1 and 3 ate merth 2
atm robbed a priest
atm evaluates the people he interacts with by "distance to suicide" - how much it would take for them to take their life
ATM grilled and ate Georgehenry
atm cares about your privacy which is why he wont tell you when he installs cameras in your bathroom and sells access to the stream to weird perverts
atm has a feeder fetish and frankly the local birds are tired of it
atm is a first-class mage
When atm says he's cooking with gas, he means he just ripped a huge fart
it doesn't really matter how you respond when atm asks "if he can be frank for a bit", he already skinned goggledog and was gonna put it on anyway
Atm got atm pregnant
atm's KFC franchise sells a "double up" which is a KFC bucket full of meth
ATM has started calling women fermentazoids because he's a misogynist who thinks women are for making babies and he also thinks women turn semen into babies by fermenting it in their wombs
atm and nerfgunner opened an illegal casino in merth's mind palace
From ATM's perspective, *you're* evil.
ATM is solely responsible for microplastics in food
Normal guy: Gomennasai || "Funny guy": Gomenasorry || ATM: Gomenafroggers
normal guy: sorry || japanese guy: gomennasai || atm: bestow upon me your honorable pardon (in japanese)
atm thinks he'll be an important leader after society collapses not because he's some geek billionaire that buys bitcoin but because he has a truly massive collection of porno mags
ATM learned martial arts but was subsequently killed by his master: 9JDGEYzKvUc
ATM is a paid shill for Soulja Boy Tell'em
atm wants to cum inside but his vampiric nature won't let him
atm would crawl under bathroom stalls while strangers were pooping when he was a child
atm says "lol" more often than he actually laughs
atm had a heart attack during his last DnD game and the DM made the EMTs roll before they could save him and they all rolled nat 1s
atm has a Freudian analysis fetish
one day atm will close discord for the last time and never be here again
atm will never die
ATM is FUBAR
atm loves spaghetti
atm: "Do you ever think about how like, some of our fetishes and kinks are just like manifestations of fears and trauma that we're projecting onto other people to try and take control of them?" || *watching a twink in a wheelchair wearing a sleeveless crop-top roll past* || atm: "I-I'm feeling a little l-lightheaded"
atm utilizes the vocab of 'frontispiece' in stead of 'book cover'
When the going gets tough, ATM posts hole
ATM regrets letting falafels name his children
atm's parents didn't paint lamb's blood on their threshold hoping the angel of death would rid them of their shitty kid but the angel skipped their house anyway cuz they didn't want that shit either
ATM doesn't need vaccines, he gets his remedies from Maomao.
atm lives in an abandoned bus
Half of Atm's belongings are giant red text that says ERROR because he doesn't have Counter-Strike Source installed
atm is resistant to external stimuli
every ATM Brand Ejaculator Sex Toy ships in discreet packaging so your neighbors won't know you bought one until they hear the moans of pleasure and in 0.01% of units, screams of pain as it shreds your genitals due to a manufacturing defect!
atm exploded
atm's favorite anime sucks
ATM is a light mode chad
Atm wants to fuck a sand worm - from DUNE
ATM grilled and ate a loaf of bread
atm has trouble with ssl
Atm is now following you, into a dark alley. He has a gun.
Atm thinks Primus is the leader of the Autobots
Atm wants to kiss women but in a gay way
ATM has never found lint in his belly button
during the night merth sneaks in to eat all of atm's bellybutton lint
Atm has nightmares fighting in the trenches of the Console Wars
ATM has a three body problem, he has no idea where to bury them.
ATM pretends to be into mahjong so you can have sex with very old chain-smoking chinese women.
ATM has been trying for the past 30 years to make a funny joke but he keeps coming up short.
ATM sucked off peter to suck off paul
atm proposed to congress a law that would swap the names of the pilcrow and the silcrow
ATM landed a job at the FDA testing out all of the artifical fillers
ATM is FILLED with some macroplastic right now, if you know what I mean.
atm grilled and ate all the microplastics
ATM has an entire shelf of old VHS home movies of him and his pals going down to the beach, having a bonfire with some drinks, and dumping microplastics off that old dock into the sea.
atm: "plop a fat load of God's love on me daddy for I've been a bad boy" || The Priest: "Fucking Christ, you're excommunicated you freak"
ATM thinks Bajookieland should join NATO
Congratulations btw ATM for passing your USCG Captain's certification
all of atm's songs are longer than 10 minutes and have at least two solos
ATM was banished from the hero party for farting too much
ATM has replaced every word in his vocabulary with a slur
Merth shot ATM for trying to enter his saloon.
atm posts pics of his cat every day and we all love seeing them
atm always includes the UseBasicParsing parameter even though this parameter has been deprecated and beginning with PowerShell 6.0.0, all Web requests use basic parsing only and this parameter is included for backwards compatibility only and any use of it has no effect on the operation of the cmdlet
atm fucked billy bob thornton in the ass
atm wants to retroactively fuck billy bob thornton in the ass
atm turned the PAWGs gay
atm is well fed
atm woke up late for his job as Scott Key Bridge Protector on March 26 2024
"You know what would be a great idea? Adding yourself to songs and mumbling bullshit in the background and actively ruining the song!" -ATM to P Diddy
"Sean Combs" is what ATM says if you ask him what happens if you electrocute merth
atm is voiced by atm
atm deflowered merth's weed stash then he fucked it
ATM sold his corneas to pay for his bone lengthening surgery
ATM looks like he used to be attractive
ATM aborted merth
atm is way too drunk for this custody hearing, can he come back after the playoffs?
ATM doesn't want any low balls he knows what he's got
Atm recently googled “how to do the stock market”, “bridges near me” and “white girls with big asses”
atm refers to some mixed race/ethnicity/religion couples as "rare pairs"
ATM is an Old One
ATM is always slightly damp
ATM called me a DEI-American
atm wants to rearrange your guts, specifically he thinks your spleen would be better off somewhere else
ATM has a tight shitter but that's about to change (he's getting his sphincter surgically removed)
You meet up with atm for the first time in a long time. he wants to go out to eat. he says you're going to his favorite restaurant. its in the new part of town. a sense of forboding overcomes you. its called Just Burgrs. the interior is too bright. the music is too loud. all the menu items have censored swear words or are Tarantino movie references. the restuarant is full of couples with children and dogs. one yells "Severus!" and you are unsure if she is talking to a dog or a child. your burger arrives. it has steak fries and too much shit on it. a Red Hot Chili Peppers song comes on. atm shouts "I love this song!" the walls begin to close in. the bill comes. the burger cost $30 and the fries were extra. atm seems happy but you are not.
when atm sings This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race by Fall Out Boy in Rock Band 1, he says the "god damn" even tho its censored in the game.
*atm walking up to an attractive black woman*: "Well aren't you a sexy- hold on" *pulls out his NAACP-approved list of things he's allowed to say to black people* "on second thought, maybe its best if I don't talk to you Mrs. Obama"
atm starts Thirsty Thursday around noon on Tuesday
everything atm knows about being sober at work he learned from watching Mad Men
atm can draw porn of a vtuber being railed in their new outfit within 3 minutes of it being revealed
atm just got fired, turns out "rippin' cigs and chuggin' brews" isn't an appropriate thing to teach middle schoolers or math
atm has anal sex despite lacking the mental capacity to understand the full implications of such an act
atm is known as "the man-kisser of Manchester"
Uh oh, atm had an inside thought on the outside again!
When atm says he's getting baked, he means he's going to snort baking powder
ATM wants to be the prince of all saiyans but Frieza won't let him
Atm has a segment on his generally depraved and terrible youtube variety show called "Grill That Loli" where he picks a different loli and discusses how grillable she is. Funnily enough, despite everything about his show, it was the "Grill That Loli" segment about Nahida that caught him the most flak when he managed to really offend both vegans and Iranians.
atm wants to be outside the cave but plato won't let him
Atm turned 9 escorts into 2 escorts just by reading them the quran
atm got lost in the sauce again last night although I still dispute that mayo isn't a sauce
ATM spent his life savings trying to breed clams that could survive in soil
atm was looking kinda dumb with his finger and his thumb in the shape of the shash glyph from the stormlight archive on his forehead
A little known secret is that Atm is called Atm because every day he hits up the Atm at his bank to withdraw all his money and then deposit it inside with the teller. It's believed he thinks the bank keeps moving his money to the Atm outside where it's not safe.
atm: "I've been getting really into 'The Idol Master' lately" || merth: "yeah man I'm not gonna correct you, the way they spell that is idiotic"
*atm walking into his classroom*: "good morning class, so last night I read an article saying statistically 3 of you shitheads would die before your 18th birthday now how fucked up is that? Anyway, the state cut funding so we don't have math books but I found a crate of skateboards so today's lesson is gonna be riding skateboards down the really big hill behind the school."
atm took off his panties to show you the stain and...gross? I don't want to fuckin see that?
March 31st is the only day of the year that you can see ATM.
Atm has perfect pitch and tells his subs the safe word is an A at 445hz.
ATM is pitching a tent at 445hz.
Atm tried to make a dog version of Hello Kitty named Sup Bitch but got sued by Sanrio
atm hates my cats
atm keeps borrowing merth's capodasters but he won't tell him what he uses them for, nor what that strange smell is
Atm thought it'd be a funny goof to resurrect Jesus. Thus we have the origin of Easter.
Sextar is what ATM slathers himself with before church
ATM can dual wield guitars
ATM installs HD foot texture mods for every game he can
ATM taught himself 3D modeling so he could make HD foot mods.
ATM gave Stardew valley a negative review because you can't date any of the moms.
ATM gave Stardew valley a positive review because of its HD foot texture mod
ATM built a robot and then molested it.
atm's favorite anime is cream lemon
ATM lost his virginity to the Dune popcorn bucket.
Atm gave Jesus sloppy crossy right before He died
ATM was the blackest person at Candace Owens's baby shower.
"Guys, I think I got Havana Syndrome, because I'm Hava na good time!"- ATM after downing his 8th cuba libre at a work function.
ATM brought his mom to work and had her pretend to be a deer. He even gave her a script and everything
Atm got extremely turned on by the pool death scene in Final Destination
ATM wants to eat nerds ropes out of your ass
ATM spends all his free time falseflagging on /vt/
Atm tried to genetically engineer a reptile/ape hybrid but all the names he came up for the new race got him cancelled
atm was quickly fired as a cram school instructor and the fire department is still working on getting kids out of that closet
ATM's goose is cooked, though he prefers it raw.
ATM paid 20 grand to cuda for his "Alpha Male Training" course, but it was just ATM being hunted on a private island for a month.
Atm wants to be more like Goku so he's dropping himself in a canyon head first
the atm is one of the only animals known to turn his anus inside-out to wash it
atm loves using `for (;;)` loops
ATM is a twin stick shooter (when you grab his nipples, he cums)
atm obfuscates his code by smearing shit all over his monitor
ATM's favorite pickup line is "Hey gurl can I clog your toilet"
ATM utilized and exposed the ass bleed security bug to no effect
ATM is a boring whore who thinks being le quirky makes an enjoyable stream
Atm is 2x pimpy, 1x Principe Vegeta
ATM grilled and ate beans
Atm is a private investigator, he investigates other people's privates
atm is fbi; he inspects female bodies
atm is responsible for getting piss discussion banned in 17 discords
ATM leaks
Atm keeps referring to his oven as a "Nasty little heatslut"
Atm drinks entrie jars of ragu pasta sauce to increase his psycho powers
Atm hasn't bothered taking down the signs seperating his bathrooms and water fountains
"Reality be bent! Synapse break! Vanishment this world!" - 30 year old ATM who hasn't gotten over his chuunibyou phase.
ATM is the storm that is approaching
Atm batters sausage for a living at the park
Atm keeps inventing new types of guys and all of them are racist
Atm fetishizes non-white women but got upset when he found out his girlfriend previously dated a black guy
Atm could be the girl of your dreams but you won’t let him because you’re afraid that he knows the truth of who that girl is and you don’t want to face the reality that she is the one that you’ve been yearning for with all of your heart for so long
Like a liquid, atm can fill any container if you put him in a blender first
atm loves the sickly girl genre
ATM thinks independence day is also known as "the Fofo July"
atm was finally able to summon a servant like in Fate and wow, he got anime girl Hitler
Hillary Clinton attended atm's funeral
ATM runs on top of a PostgreSQL DB
Frank SinATMa be like: fly me to the bucket of fermented hog semen
ATM archived the abyss
I forgive ATM for being Israeli
atm reviews male sex toys on the street corner
atm has really nasty semen on account of his terrible diet
ATM hopes you cum
whenever someone mentions a funny hypothetical or thing that doesn't exist in the group chat, atm AI generates it and posts it
Atm refers to the twink he met that’s really into economics as a “smooth bore”
ABBA: "What's the name of the game" || ATM (Woke Menace): "What's the name of they/them"
ATM is unlikable and rude
ATM grilled and ate Secretariat
ATM likes Hearts of Iron IV if you know what I mean
ATM knows every slur, even the secret ones
I heard there was a secret slur that ATM said and it pleased the lord, but you don't really care 'bout ||gaming|| do ya?
if you do the 🙈 emoji at atm, he WILL lose sight of you
Atm laughs everytime he looks for black beans in the Hispanic aisle
Atm uses a Ziploc bag and an elastic band in the shower to make sure he doesn't accidentally wash off the smegma
ATM pees his pants all the time constantly
ATM pollinated your mom
ATM are japanese goblin
atm wrote a 50-page essay explaining how anime girls who use masculine pronouns are trans
ATM is a deplorable reject
ATM photoshops pale brown people to be darker but in a woke way.
Atm refers to himself as an "ecchi enjoyer" to downplay the fact he's a hopeless pervert
ATM cannae
atm has good anatomy
atm is a "retvrn" guy for leaded gas, asbestos, Ronald Reagan, segregation and lawn darts
Thanks to a brief bout of prescience brought on by one of atm's defective homosexual microwaves, Spencer made the informed decision to not invite atm to his wedding after atm watched "The Graduate"
ATM just gave birth and his wife is suspicious of why the baby looks like merth
atm wants a "Latina-style handjob"
atm loves it but he hates the taste
ATM was rejected by his tapeworm
Atm has Dire AIDS
Atm has found the cure for Dire AIDS. He still has AIDS, it's just no longer Dire
atm posesses a certain type of mentality, if you know what I mean
Cuda started a company harvesting atm
atm fell for the idol faggotry seiso psyop
It makes atm uncomfortable how young and hot his aunt is
atm lives in a visual novel where the third dialogue option always is 'mustache'
ATM hates merth
atm discovered the higgs boson (it was way in the back in his fridge all along)
atm is way too hungover for this 7pm parent-teacher conference so he's having the kids teach the parents about their performance in his class
ATM went back in time and was disappointed that King Arthur wasn't a flat chested blonde woman and that Merlin wasn't a twink.
ATM grilled and ate Meshuggah
ATM thought that the Nakba was an event in Dune.
ATM has made up some heinous slurs for people from Namek.
ATM has made up some heinous slurs for people from Melmac.
atm is good at hiding his cringe levels to the normies irl but sometimes jfk comes up
atm has no mouth and he must suck on tiddy
atm lists "watchin' porno with the boys" as work experience on his resume
ATM used Yakub's old lab in the Caucus Mountains to create HigherFive.
Atm won a sandcastle competition through the power of friendship and the heavy use of slave labor
Atm is in trouble with A Tribe Called Quest for claiming to be a part of their tribe
atm pronounces japanese words with hard r's
Life of ATM be like: Always look on the bucket of fermented hog semen 🤣
atm is a trolleycon
ATM's gas is a cry for help
ATM works in heaven's waiting room, he kills old people.
ATM's hungry ass could never work at Tracen Academy
Atm got fired for jerking off at work, apparently he’s only supposed to do that on stage
atm has never used a cum sock or tissues, he just licks it off his fingers after he's done
atm loves the smell of colon
Atm smokes weed every day. He especially likes smoking the dandelions out in the front yard.
atm puts spaces at the ends of windows filenames
atm is homme
atm has strong opinions about "off-model breast sizes" on fan art
ATM does as much computation on the UI thread as possible
Atm fucking hates Huey Lewis, but maaaan does he love The News
ATM put a fire wall in his ass
atm is not tsundere, he's just big-boned
atm is hot to frot
atm lives in a muslim shithole
atm codes artificially slow loading screens because they show ads during them
ATM is a neoliberal thinkpiece
ATM had to quit his job at the steak house because of the constant Maillard erections
ATM is folk horror
atm is rated G for "gay"
atm's ex still misses him but her aim is getting better!
ATM starts the Lord's prayer "Our daddy, who cums in our bussy"
The cover band at ATM’s wedding played Sweet Caroline 7 times
atm knows not a danceless night
Atm is disheartened after he got called "repulsive" by friends who he thought would be okay with his cannibalism
dating hasn't been going well for atm and instead of being introspective about his flaws and improving himself, he's been posting some "hot takes" about race mixing
atm is not an incel, he's just big-boned
atm kinda sucks when you don't have an atm spore in your brain telling you to love atm and devote yourself to him
ATM knows an infinite MP loophole
ATM likes ass, jazz, and he's a little bit crass
ATM does foreskin kintsugi
ATM can eat more fried chicken than any man alive.
ATM pushes to git on every save
atm is the '96 Bulls of meaningful friendships
atm has requested that "Sandstorm" by Darude play as his coffin is lowered into the grave
ATM thought his work in the soda industry can transfer over to indie game development (he's right)
“Pinky and the brain” is what atm calls his penis and scrotum
Atm knows how to extend Peano's axioms to create all integers
ATM has made a very solid business of selling photoshopped images of Trump's head on top of buff men from his gay porn stash.
After much self-reflection atm is giving up this wife, kids and fulfilling career thing he’s been doing for the last few years and going back to his true passion; jorking it to vtubers
ATM grilled and ate merth's pedal collection
ATM keeps asking people to "earn his pee"
They call atm Sonic the way he edges his hog
ATM is... muy caliente 🥵
ATM will call you a lint licker even though he's a cootie queen
Atm prefers his audiobooks subbed, not dubbed
atm beats his girlfriend for pachinko money
all the names the evil characters in atm's stories suspiciously rhyme with the names of his exes
ATM asks the question "what if women could vote" call the time
Atm is known as “the loli destroyer” because he chews his lollipops
Gee atm, why are all the naked vtubers in this folder called “old tax documents” crying?
atm moons his dates to check for werewolves
Atm paid $500 to lick the deck of the JAV pool for 5 minutes
ATM is really annoying about lawn discourse.
Atm played a game of chess with Death and won cuz he kept eating all the pieces
Dawn is breaking and atm is getting his dick sucked in an alley off Sunset Blvd
ATM lives in squalor
The only member of the server ATM gets presents for is shockbot
Atm wants to play the pocky game with a sounding rod
atm hates dwelling on the past, thus he never learns from it, he is afraid of the future, thus never plans for it. he is a prisoner of an eternal present, in shackles of his own creation
Atm is starting a company town for all the discord members. Each member gets to live in a box in his backyard.
Atm went from calling people that aren’t bitter losers with brainworms “normies” to “NPCs” to “coworkers” because other people were using those words too and atm always follows the crowd
Lotta crime scene photos from the 70s on ATM’s mood board this week
Much like this legume doll I made, ATM is a soyboy
Much like the vegan cream replacement product on this cake, ATM is whipped and soy
ATM has a special devil put aside for me (it's a hot big tiddy succubus OL tan gyaru onee-san)
ATM says "if you know you know" a lot. No one knows.
ATM was EXTREMELY disappointed when he learned the real meaning of "crotch goblin"
Someone should probably notify Homeland Security as atm built a haphazard aquarium in his backyard and recently bought some rope, steroids and a ticket to Washington DC while humming Heart’s “Barracuda”
atm's real name is lalatina
fool that he is, atm traded his entire stock of spices for a single wolf pelt
atm's a little wolf inside a girl (not sexual)
ATM is jam-packed full of DLC, premium cosmetics, and a thriving community-made content store. (Penises, penises, thriving community penis store)
Atm is bringing back the pure joy of gaming!
ATM is ugly as shit
atm uses Cardcaptor Sakura OP 1 - Catch You Catch Me! Hinata Megumi as his ring tone
ATM is whacked with poo brain. He's been diagnosed with whacked out poo brain.
when the dirty bass drops atm cums
atm lives in the water puddle under the fridge
Atm wrote a young adult novel about a magical boarding school, how original
Atm is known as the “virgin destroyer” because he’s bedded many young men and let them have their way with his hole for their first time
If atm ever opens with “can I be a hater for a minute…” say no cuz you are about to attend a one man Klan rally
Atm doesn’t believe in soulmates or stuff like that which is really unfortunate for him because that one ex he wouldn’t make some compromises for or try to make it work with was actually his only real shot at happiness lmao
atm loves mahjong and plans to one day learn the rules
Atm makes a really gross noise when he orgasms
ATM plays fps games on Asian servers in hopes of meeting women.
Nightcore: Get your hands off my hips || 'Fore I punch you in the lips || Stop your staring at my nips || Take a hint, take a hint! ||  || ATMCore: Get your hands off my bucket || Of fermented hog semen || Stop your staring at my **COCK** || Take a hint, take a hint!
ATM wants men to lust over his body
ATM loves game design and arithmetic
Atm kept making really stupid wishes until the monkey paw made a fist then he put it in his butt
ATM is depressed and has a lot of anxiety issues
ATM pronounces JRPG "jarpidge"
ATM is a WHORE
atm is recruiting members for his new band: the bred thot philly lepers
Atm picks up hitchhikers and makes them listen to his fanfic where he runs an abortion clinic for anime characters and Korone is his assistant
Atm posts stuff the r/twosentencehorror that are really three sentences but he just misuses a comma to comply with the rules
Beginning of an era? Atm has been getting really into big breasts lately
“Ok you little brats, school day is over. Which one of you wastes of taxes wants to make $5 and blow into my ignition interlock so I can drive home?” -atm, ending one of his more productive and educational teaching days
ATM smells like semen under the garden
atm's new band is called semen under the garden
ATM keeps stocking up on mackerel pouches
ATM's mating dance is the geddan dance
atm sold his maidenhood for five trenni silver
ATM doesn't apply to a lot of jobs because he can only lift up to 19 pounds.
atm bought a brand new maidenhood for four trenni silver in the next town over
Atm is a fart knocker
atm is known to many as "the white guy of Tokiwadai"
ATM has a smooth manifold
ATM asked "how is babby formed" when his oncologist asked if he had any questions after the biopsy results came back.
ATM is an AI trained on thousands of made up facts about a dork from Missouri sent back in time to ensure the brightest minds on earth waste their time coming up with stupid facts instead of defeating ATMnet.
ATM gayed the pray away
Atm gives a fantastic dry, disinterested handjob
ATM gave merth a boybortion
ATM is the Gawr Gura of parenting.
atm: "my only regret is that I have but one pair of pants to shit" || merth: "you only own one pair of pants?"
Whenever one of ATM's friends get pregnant he sends them a clip of the start of Idiocracy
ATM's hungry ass could never be a MLB umpire
atm eats his cecotropes (ew)
atm's power level is quite low
ATM is gonna spank you when he gets home
Much like the ancient queen Cleopatra, ATM has a small face with a cute nose
ATM said he would give me authentic goyslop but then he gave me slopslop
ATM is a cop killer, he has killed like 300 cops
👮🔫🦌
if you write "atm awaken" with blood on a mirror at 3 am, turn the lights off and say "shikanoko nokonoko koshitantan" three times without stuttering, atm will show up and ask you why you're out of bed this late
Emperor Hirohito renounced his divinity after encountering ATM. "Truly no divine being can exist if an individual such as this exists."
ATM prefers to refer to himself as a "Taylor Swift Otaku"
Atm keeps a list of all the people in the world who "Reply All" on mass emails. It's unknown what purpose this list serves.
atm got experimental plastic surgery to rotate his face 90 degree
atm lives in darkens
Atm has been living in fear of getting caught on market manipulation ever since he swapped some cucumbers around at his local grocer 13 years ago
Atm left merth waiting at the alter which was soooo awkward for everyone cuz merth was just tied there naked and the planets were almost in alignment and we just had to keep chanting like this sacrifice wasn’t about to be a giant fuck up
atm states things he is not sure are true with absolute confidence
atm has a long mouth, it's so long he can bite himself in the back of his head
ATM’s dentist openly hates him
The lore of ATM's favorite object show is surprisingly dark.
atm likes to hang out at the park selling loose cigarettes to children, something that is surprisingly legal in Missouri
ATM got stored in a tree for the winter by a squirrel
ATM created his own meaning (took a huge shit)
ATM likes dance punk
*atm walking into the room and dropping a metal 'R'* "Looks like I just dropped a hard R!"
ATM is a crime committer, also known as a crimer
atm thinks people from countries other than America making burgers is cultural appropriation and he's correct!
atm got a set of sexy roleplaying D20s and every time he rolls them they show "jork" and "peanits"
Atm thinks Earthworm Jim is part of the Dune series
Atm is tired of partisan bullshit in politics, so he moved to the inner palace where only has to deal with courtesan bullshit
ATM's oshi mark is 💜. He says it's to honor Vietnam vets but we all know it's stolen valor
ATM has a PHD degree from ur mom (PHAT HARD DICK)
ATM can not be defeated simply by making him die
ATM won't sleep with you unless you can best him in single combat
atm just doesn't get it 😒 (or perhaps he is cleverly feigning ignorance 🤔)
atm was made for plappin
You don't have to be gay to like ATM, but you have to be gay to be ATM
ATM 100%'d Noita
ATM grilled and ate footy scran
ATM's brain is full of fuck
atm is finna, finna like a sir
atm grilled and ate ken perlin
atm grilled and ate 2b's ass
atm giggles girlishly every time he comes across the python package index (pypi)
Atm wants to have sex with a man not because he’s gay but because he wants to know what it’s like to conquer a man. Again, he wants to go to town on a man for very masculine and straight reasons, not gay reasons
Rick Astley: Never gonna give you up! || ATM: Never gonna give you a bucket of fermented hog semen... said no one ever!
ATM is a suspiciously strong opponent of speciesists
ATM likes to unwind by going to the most relaxing place on the internet he knows (www.nma-fallout.com)
Server diagnosis
ATM's base sex moves are a true combo
ATM is kosher
ATM is the JavaScript of people
atm fervently studies music theory with the intention ignoring all of it and making the worst song in history
ATM grilled and ate they/them
atm got kicked out of heaven for trying to bang all the angels, kicked out of hell for trying bang all the demons then kicked out of purgatory for trying to bang all the monsters. God and Satan are rethinking the necessity of wings on angels and demons but George Lopez (king of purgatory) doesn't know how to make the monsters less hot they already aren't supposed to be hot!
a tiny atm just burst out of merth's chest and ran screeching into the vents again
*Octavia Butler finishing writing the outline for the Oankali*: "ok these aliens are completely inhuman and unrecognizable to humans, they should completely and naturally repulse people. This should make people reflect on what intelligence and humanity actually means" || *atm reading about the Oankali*: "This is the hardest I've ever been in my life"
Mares eat oats and does eat oats and ATM eats ass
Atm has more bad takes than MovieBob
ATM made Super Buu extremely uncomfortable constantly asking what kind of candy he would be turned into.
ATM is affected by all the sexual orientation perks in Fallout New Vegas
ATM thinks Super 3D Noah's Ark was the original and Wolfenstein 3D ripped it off
atm knows for sure
Good news if you're into bad boys: ATM is bad at most things.
atm got banned from pixiv for suggesting the "loli I want to microwave" tag on other people's posts
ATM's pet daycare had to be closed after he shot all of his customer's animals. He claimed that they knew the taste of human blood too well
atm makes sure to declare "neuron activation" every time one of his his neurons activates
ATM bought soup at the merth store.
for years atm thought the word "crucifix" was "cross suffix"
Atm has surpassed even The Poop ||  || He hereby gets the title of  ||  ||  || Big Poop
ATM is what you get when you ask chatgpt to create the biggest gayest deer man possible
As we are all made by ATM for his whims, every time we masturbate we are having sex with him.
ATM is that he am
"Submitted for your approval, a community dedicated to creating nonsensical facts for one mentally unwell deer man. Are any of these facts real or based on the fever dreams of a cult of personality. A level of lunacy found only in The Twilight Zone."
"Sweet Baby Detected" - ATM when he sees a nice looking baby
ATM is an autogynophile, he loves woman drivers
atm tanked his mmr to be able to match against merth and bully him
atm has a prehensile penis
ATM likes to discover music that's more than 20 years old and pretends he's cool because he makes references to it
Atm is glad they finally gave depth and an edge to Superman
ATM thought Magneto wasn't racist enough.
never mention Skyrim's thieves guild quest around ATM
ATM is pitching an episode of Guy's Grocery Games where the contestants have to survive in the grocery store with a panther on the loose.
I’m pretty sure ATM’s fan game “Red Library” is just a computer virus with a slideshow of his badly drawn Blue Archive doujins
ATM backdoored your mom
ATM 100%'d your mom
ATM holds the top spot for the your mom% speed run
ATM has soft, loving intercourse with your mom every night, and always makes sure she finishes.
Trotsky is ATM's commieoshi
Dennis Prager has checked - ATM still can't get pregnant
atm's indian name is attacks-the-moon
when asked to describe his ideal woman atm just said "buddy, you don't want to know" then he looked really sad and pulled a beer out of his backpack and started drinking at 9am
atm bombed his local synagogue...s comedy stand-up night! Yeah he really couldn't compete in comedy with a bunch of Jews
Atm eats hot dogs like corn on the cob.
ATM eats corn on the cob like hot dogs.
atm eats salad like soup
ATM has an ancient Chinese warlord as his music producer! Too bad it's Lu Bu and he's telling ATM to kill everyone.
ATM is made for plapping
Atm is still upset about the loss of his one click maymays
when atm went on the oregon trail he grilled and ate all the shigella and entamoeba histolytica
atm hopes one day the lies will turn into truth
ATM has suicidal ideations for other people
ATM is a weird guy creeping around liminal spaces.
atm's preferred pronouns are jibun/uchi
Atm went into White House | Black Market and asked if he could see the President while then requesting 5 eyeballs
they say to dress for the job you want, not the job that you have which is why atm came to work without any skin
atm asking if "Titanic" (1997) could be considered a kaiju movie started one of the longest forum in internet history and resulted in 4 known deaths
atm: "you ever feel like you're forgetting something important?" || merth: "yeah but I try not worry about it, thats just anxiety. If it was actually importnt you'd remember what it was!" || atm: "damn M, you're so wise." || merth: "you know it Brosef Stalin! Now lets finish filling nerfgunner's pillowcases with hotdogs before he gets home." || *cut to a violently shaking and flashing microwave with a bubbling, melted Kirby in it finally about to count down to 0 while "Sweet Dreams" by Eurythmics plays*
ATM shaved half of his pubes and started calling his dick "Sephiroth"
atm went into the bathroom at a Scottish gay bar to play the fagpipes if you know what I mean
Atm will not be there for you
*atm stopping in the middle of explaining his US congress fanships to you*: "hey do you hear that lone fatalist bell tolling in the distance and echoing as if through a dark and empty city at midnight? No? Just me? Ok, well anyway in that relationship I think Henry Cueller would be a top but not a very good one..."
ATM won't play Earthbound because it's named after a woman
atm won't play earthbound cuz he already played the original, undertale
ATM twerks every day
ATM's favorite song and penetration method is "No Vaseline"
ATM thinks @ℒℯ 『phat』 invented pickleball
Atm is jackin off
Atm loves pizza
ATM sends falafels weekly anus pics
Atm is the only person to have their vote cast in advance for every future election until the year 3000. They're all for Ron Paul.
atm has a 600 consecutive win streak in wordle. atm cheats at wordle
ATM's favorite ice cream flavor is mint chocolate chip.
ATM's greatest rival, Kitara Ravache, is back on the scene and ATM is in high alert.
ATM has been warned numerous times about calling things "final solutions" to problems but he insists on doing it anyway.
Atm is working on an AI to make ATM facts but it keeps breaking when it tries to parse facts @ℒℯ 『falafel』 created
ATM is a Monogatari AND Blue Archive fan. Ask him his opinion on something.
Everything atm knows about normal and healthy relationships he learned from watching Friends
atm thinks he's a joey but he's a ross
ATM's mouth utters bombastic nonsense
ATM was super into Model UN back in high school.
Atm actively and seriously participate in politics roleplaying Discords
ATM still thinks Drake can win.
Atm grilled and ate Drake
You're invited to ATM's cookout
Atm has a Bible quote from the book of Numbers on his arm
ATM eats burger king at lunch 2-3 times a week but hates the food
ATM recently fought a drunk Ric Flair in the parking lot of a pizza place and got his ass beat.  WOOOO
ATM orders his McChicken with cheese and ketchup.
ATM has a very large and desirable penis
atm once described his ideal woman and God sent His angels to destroy the world
atm's time is neigh
atm got so horny in england that they made him mayor of san francisco
ATM is boofin ganja
atm became a nose (homophonic mistake)
corporate has been pushing atm hard to find a way to monetize atm facts
Atm won’t stop posting quotes he thinks are profound from terrible books
ATM’s girlfriend: “would you still love me if I was a wyvern?” || Atm: “I think I hauve covid”
Atm: “my gut fauna is all messed up recently” || Merth: “don’t you mean ‘gut flora’ you wretched low-IQ untermensch?” || ATM’s stomach: “uuuuuu”
ATM is friends with several celebrities' alt accounts on social media. They all just want him to wire a little money so they can meet him. Trust me, guys.
ATM is on trial "for being based"
ATM lost one of the screws while assembling his couch and the Chinese distributor won't give him a new one
atm thinks the PS5 is the Aushcwitz of game consoles
When men are with ATM, they can think of nothing else and find themselves unable to depart. When women see him, they plead with their parents, saying they would rather be his concubine than any other man's wife.
Text from atm to his boss, 2pm ||  || "Hey dude just finished my 5th goon sesh of the day what you need done I'm ready to start"
atm got the t-rex skip on his first playthrough and he wasn't even trying
Atm finally ate enough lead fishing weights to be on “My 600lb Life!”
atm spins down his discs as often as he can (to alleviate his spinal disc herniation)
ATM's the kind of guy to post about how his wedding engagement taught him salesmanship on LinkedIn
Atm has the normal amount of nipples for his species.
atm lives close to a dijk
Atm is a miasma of iridescent plasma
atm uses the term 'peak' lightly
ATM: Mares eat oats and lambs eat oats and ATM eats Ivy! || Ivy: UwU
One morning ATM awoke to find himself transformed into a giant titty monster
atm does not remember his 28th birthday!
way too many of atm's stories start with "so I was watching porno..."
"finna take an angle grinder to your round hole until it fits my square peg" - standard atm mating call
ATM taught merth about courage and swag
\>tfw no 20 cm miniature atm cocksleeve
ATM is stored in plaintext
Atm came up with a sick club sandwich with eggs to serve for breakfast at his diner but everyone forgot about him
atm burns off all of his fields (in early spring)
ATM is incompressible
"The spice must flow" - ATM as a manager for an Indian Restaurant
ATM shit in the skibidi urinal
atm wants to be a rakugoka but his manzai partner won't let him
I recorded ATM crying in the bathroom and it's a major bop
ATM is an ASMR whore now
atm invented a new slur: "tirm"
ATM installs handicap ramps that are long enough to cause suspicion
atm and his boyfriend just walked into the room wearing shirts that say "the path ahead" and "danger"
ATM wasted all his sleep tokens at the dream theater
atm has a robust hint system in case you get stuck
atm's favorite anime character is nyanta-san from log horizon
Using the little hammer ATM stole from his yearly doctor visit, ATM has been finding the reflex points on animals in his neighborhood.
ATM contains packages with vulnerabilities.
ATM grilled and ate Truman Capote
atm has a gun
ATM got hit in the ki hole and lost all his supernatural abilities except Beastforce Battledash
Atm's chest is flat with ultra sensitive nipples
ATM's colon is protected by an Aztec curse
Sex with ATM would be "Boring and efficient", says new study
"Struck a chord call it A MINOR" - ATM speeding in a school zone.
ATM replaced everyone you love with clones of himself
ATM was elected space pope in 2741
Atm waited outside of graduation so he could beat the shit out of his former students that were mean to him
Atm was not invited to Brian’s wedding
Atm just had an orgasm
ATM has eliminated all middlemen from his life. He now purchases produce directly from farmers and flushes all of it down the toilet
ATM is no longer allowed to practice medicine after saying "Oppa George Floyd style" repeatedly while working in the Medical Respiratory ICU.
atm will gladly give you a hug if you just ask
ATM will live and die a coward
*atm seeing a barely sexual picture of a videogame character*: "I'm so horny rn that if I don't get laid I'll disappear from all social media and stop talking to my friends and become a domestic terrorist" || *merth sitting in a van outside and listening to the bugs he planted in atm's apartment*: "oh jeez Louise"
atm is suing the seller of the $50 000 "magic lantern" that turned out to be nothing but an antique image projector
atm is still in love with the girl he only knew for a week with during a grade school summer break (he seriously believes they will meet again one day)
atm's favorite member of the sarcopterygii clade is the coelacanth
"okay, this is pretty fun but when is saber gonna show up?" - atm, jamming out in vr
Atm has any new post with the “vtuber feet” tag pushed to his phone
atm goons not because it is easy, but because it is hard (and by "it", haha, well. let's just say.    His peanits)
ATM is gonna get what's coming to him real soon
ATM got 3/8ths of the Roman Empire when it collapsed, but he ruined it by being Catholic.
atm ticks all the boxes (and he wonders why he keeps getting spam from every site he registers to)
Atm shipped merth with goggledog but forgot to put air holes in the box
ATM made poetry illegal
ATM keeps suggesting non-land-owners should get a fractional vote worth slightly more than half a vote.
"face magnets" is how atm refers to his bollocks
*atm with a merth-shaped bulge in his neck*: "we outta merths"
atm learned magic and immediately used it to turn merth into a gay lizard
Atm play drums for a Steely Dan cover band called Iron Billy
atm is past the age of consent
atm just hung himself (got penis enlargement surgery)
ATM writes stories about being bought out by an oil baron under a female pseudonym
ATM invented a dick sucking graphic calculator
Hiring atm did more to stop underage drinking than anything else the high school ever tried
ATM went back in time to teach Elvis fans how to wotagei and how to design itabags
one of atm's formative memories is when his bowl of rice had a glass shard in it
ATM has negative chirality
Atm is the only white boy with a cloak the the bowling alley
ATM is on a jellybean detox
ATM invented a midi controller that sucks dick
ATM invented a guitar pedal that holds you while you cry in the shower
atm has enormous areolae
ATM is super deformed and not in a cute chibi way.
Atm lies for attention
looking at atm will warm your hearth (paranormal activity)
ATM gave birth to merth near a hearth on Earth.
atm loves reading smut manga cuz they sometimes show nips 😌
Atm wants to pick your nose
ATM picked the bear because he's gay
"Is your needle ready to tear a hole? Cuz you can have it all, my empire of dirt. And by 'needle' I mean your penis and by 'empire of dirt' I mean my asshole" -atm, dropping the worst pickup line possible
atm thinks "exploring your sexuality" means taking drugs and hallucinating some deeply metaphorical space like what you might find in an overrated indie game
ATM peed
ATM really wants to date conjoined catgirl twins from Thailand.
ATM tried to subhumatardicalize fermentasludge. Yeah, that didn't turn out well for him.
Good guy atm ||  || Goes to parties at cons, puts anti-roofie pills in everyone's drinks
Every condom atm has ever seen, he's pierced
As a child atm thought the McDonald's ball pit was just a litterbox for humans and boy did he like burying his turds in there
Atm takes movie titles literally so he's refusing to go see Cloverfield
There's a rumor that anyone who kisses under the cherry tree at ATM's school during a Sunday will find eternal love. So atm burned the tree down to make sure eveyrone is miserable
Atm tried to film a season of Survivor with an all indie vtuber cast. Turns out streamers aren't good at surviving and he can't go back to Fiji anymore
Atm broke into the local pharmacy. Guess who's completely out of fertility supplements?
Atm practices Santeria
ATM is the first iteration of game-changing new degenerative AI
Atm exclusively cosplays at harem protagonists and goes to con hoping to score with the losers
ATM grilled and ate a poopoo
atm wants to take a break but his work is far from over
Atm suchens dich
atm was grossly misinformed as to what "rizzing up" someone meant and now Ina has a restraining order against him
atm puts ice in his beer
atm chose Nine Inch Nail's "Closer" as his song during family karaoke night and accidentally made eye contact with his cousin when he sang "I want to fuck you like an animal"
ATM is the white Larry Bird
atm's "loli destroyer" tattoo is in really bad taste and not just because its about the time he drove his '97 Honda Civic through a preschool
the local Chinese buffet banned atm cuz he's "too sad and its bumming everyone that goes to a buffet at 3pm on a weekday out"
All of ATM's visions lead to horror
ATM grilled and ate an orphan
atm originally voiced yoshi in the 90s. later they discovered they could make a japanese guy by slowing down atm's recorded voice
atm makes his own poopies in his butt
atm does jojo poses nude in front of his bathroom mirror every time he showers
atm punctuates his comment lines with semicolons
ATM just peaked
atm has been asked to stop sending art of anime characters cuddling or holding hands with the caption "this could be us" to his parole officer
I'm gonna touch ATM inappropriately
atm smacked merth's ass so hard, merth's skeleton was ejected out his mouth
Atm does blowjob ASMR
atm gives dry handcareers
ATM grilled and ate cum
If you shove a Blu-ray disc up ATM's ass the video will project from his eyes
atm is a retvrn guy for early 2000s nu metal
ATM is the emergent result of our collective delusions
atm draws gegege bl art
Atm is desperate to be liked
ATM knows the name of every bird on the planet
atm loves reading those japanese web novels where the guy gets reborn as the ntr antagonist and somehow can't stop failing not to steal the girl
ATM experiences estrus a lot
atm talking to a lesbian couple: "so how do you uh, you know...." *starts miming something so incomprehensible with his hands that they begin to question if he knows what heterosexual intercourse is*
ATM is about to beat it, remotely
atm has a nice ass that looks similar to a woman's
ATM has massive, heaving, pendulous breasts
ATM's appendix just burst
ATM developed a new technique for tunneling through cuddle puddles
atm keeps forgetting to wear panties
Atm still comments FIRST on every video he watches
ATM just wants to smoke weed, fill his belly with diet soda, and play Burnout Revenge for the PS2.
ATM pioneered chipotle chocolate chip cookie dough batter
ATM's students found his "McDonald's & Colorado Technical University Online" degree and started tipping him before class
ATM got hole punched at an office party
Traces of ATM have been found in every testicle tested so far
atm has x-ray vision which means every person he sees is just a terrifying skeleton!
Atm is known as “the railgun of southern Missouri” cuz he likes to snort a rail of coke then shoot his gun
Atm made so many friends at skydiving class. He truly is parasocial
Atm crushed goggledog with a rock
atm was playing megalovania in the halls on the last day of school
atm made an extensive list and ratings of all the water taps in his school
ATM sneaks into hospitals in the night and outfits amputees with pure silicone prosthesis
Atm runs on over 10,000 lines of coke
atm recently met his past life in a dream and was warned not to fuck his sister
ATM kept flirting with the soldiers as he was being carried back to the colony
ATM is now taking coomissions
atm should be forced to work for meat scraps and eat nothing else
atm should be forced to touch my butthole
ATM should be allowed to think (about my butthole)
atm just made a filler episode guest starring your butt!
ATM is a gay simp
ATM took a dump in the skibidi biden
Atm is committing the ultimate hate crime against white women (he closed down every Target)
ATM pronounces Target in french
Yeah, ATM named the kumquat.
atm once sucked off a guy in vegas for 20 cents (cheapest bj he'd ever bought)
Atm thought this was gonna be a normal shit but then his theme song started playing when he walked into the bathroom
ATM sure is one sexy pony
ATM has to eat all the eggs or else he gets the hose again
Atm established the city of Fort Merth after Fort Worth was destroyed in the apocalypse
ATM likes his partners like he likes his Soviet computers: non-binary
atm likes his women
Despite of the objections of his colleagues, ATM has the final pee.
ATM is about to cum in the clouds of heaven
atm fell in love with a fictional character again
atm has been asked to stop putting the "sexy squatting" tag on his art of a clearly homeless and alcoholic Bocchi living in abandoned buildings
ATM came out in a tractor supply
ATM's solo developped dragon sex mmo now has a Non-public Test Realm where you can preview upcoming changes
atm wants to be cool but his hypothalamus won't let him
atm wants to really, really, really wants to zigazig ah but your friends won't let him
Atm is a gay man with defensive abilities like light screen and deflect
When asked about civil rights, atm was overheard saying "Hell yeah I love civil rights. Especially that Harriet Tubgirl woman"
atm is short for automatic tellerma chine so saying atm machine is not only fine but also strictly correct
ATM makes sure to let everyone know he likes vagina and that #i'mstraight
Being attracted to ATM's sexy body is literally the only sexuality a human can have. "Straight women", "straight men", "gay women", and "gay men" is a complete cultural LARP. Literally no normal human can be aroused by a naked non-ATM body and think it's lewd. The female brain shares the same origin as the male one, and sexual arousal was only designed for ATM-chasing men because they are the ones that have to go out and mpregnate him. The only reason a small portion of humans enjoy sex is because they are aroused by the idea of banging an ATM-like (human). ||  || Nature never intended the human body to be sexual. Society tells humans they are “sexual” and they cope by finding whatever ATM-like trait a person might have and call it sexually arousing. What fetishes about the body do people have? Hands? It's just pure cope and you know it. ||  || Grow up.
Atm was introduced to skibidi toilet by Stephen Colbert
when atm dies, he wants his body stuffed with C4 and catapulted into Wendy's headquarters
atm got a tattoo that says "retusjert person"
atm never sleeps without his pieyon body pillow
ATM will unfortunately be hanged later today :/
I'm gonna kill ATM in the butt
In order to make sure other gays know he's gay and don't have to guess, ATM has a pink triangle tattooed on his chest
ATM spends an uncomfortable amount of time imagining Hobbits having sex
ATM loves LTG (Large Tits Global)
ATM is the guards of the Holy See
atm accidentally booked a love hotel to stay at for the entirety of his 3 week long trip to Japan
ATM is having a cow (he's currently four weeks pregnant)
🏧
ATM is a big name in the gaming community
atm "brushes" his "teeth" every day
Atm only reads manga translated by 4channers. If the credits page at the end doesn't have at least 3 slurs he ain't reading it
ATM didn’t know the trans load facility he bought is actually for rail cargo
ATM likes his women like his Catholic mass: Latin and from behind
atm finally learned all the genshin characters' names and it's all for nothing because wuwa came out
Life's a party and atm is the piñata
ATMs anal labia are flappy and loose
ATM doesn't have tops and bottoms. He's a nudist.
Atm just hung himself! (Got penis enlargement surgery)
ATM has his students answer in the sound of their favorite animal
ATM has a giant 4-corner hammock spanning his entire bedroom
ATM is using Hitler's language
ATM's quest for cheese concludes in tragedy
Atm was a bodyguard for Ronald Reagan during the first 3 months of his presidency
atm is making a list of all the words that have not been in a fact yet and is gonna put them in a monster super-fact when he's finished
ATM gets a boner whenever he sees a hapax legomenon
atm drinks diesel fuel and shits plasma
atm wants to be called "euler" but he got stuck with "how much" instead
Atm once got shotgun blasted in the face with baked beans
Atm played buckshot roulette IRL with his good buddy Kurt
atm owns a shirt that says "I fucked the retro game market"
Atm invented the Alegria art style
ATM sucked and fucked every single dick in Mozambique
ATM grilled and ate a hapax legomena
Atm used sludgeslash to defeat the megamerth
Atm is known as the Deutschland Dumper for his rectal exploits in East Germany in the 70s
ATM still uses IBM Lotus Notes and Sametime
ATM grilled and ate farm-fresh vegetables
"Spider-man is way too unrealistic. I'm going to fix that" said ATM as he continued to work on a web shooter designed to be hooked up to his anus
atm discovered a new type of file transfer that uses much less data called "not email"
atm got the cool shoeshine
ATM said the quiet part out loud (the x in Spy x Family)
ATM is really into hags so he went to the swamp to find one.
Atm has a third buttock
ATM pierced the toast!
Atm died like he lived, driving drunk through his neighbor’s living room
The ATM we all know is actually a deep fake.
none of atm's mental illnesses make him funny
Atm smashes every automated teller machine to assert dominance
Atm enjoys his integers like he enjoys his divorced papers. Unsigned
atm hates bob and muzzy, but he loves princess sylvia
atm has been rapping for about seventeen years and he doesn't write his stuff anymore, he just kicks it from his head
atm still uses "he/she" instead of singular they
Atm constantly makes his insecurity about his penis size everyone else’s problem
atm is insecure about his insect insecurities
atm wants to scrutinize but he doesn't have the source
atm would never `yield break`
ATM’s strong desire to fuck a dog (Korone) eventually lead him down the path of finally transitioning
atm is easy to learn, hard to master
Inspired by his high Japanese porn consumption, atm started a movement to get rid of black bars, but due to a translation error everyone thought he was just starting a segregation movement at his local pub
atm hat einen großen Kopf
atm test facts on the production server
atm's erection broke the bot
ATM farted so hard he burst a blood vessel in his eye
ATM still comments "still a better love story than Twilight" on anything that vaguely shows a relationship between two characters
atm ships fork x spoon
atm is familiar with worldly pleasures (esp. sexual relations, geisha districts and red-light districts)​
ATM is a duplicitous whore
Atm has over 300 confirmed kills and is trained in Gorilla Warfare
ATM prefers Pepsi Cola over Dr. Pepper
ATM hates Dr. Pepper
ATM grilled and ate Dr. Pepper
ATM is a little weird, but good
whenever atm needs advice on social situations or dating he asks other Discord users that are also in an online chatroom on a Friday night because clearly these are the people that know how to navigate social situations
atm's only friends are a weird lizard and a giant cockroach
ATM is making a trip to Busseyville USA
ATM drew a picture of Trunks pregnant with Oolong's child as a tribute to Akira Toriyama
ATM's new catchphrase is 「Kumbaya, bitch!」
ATM pressure washed the quiver bone in the fish wrinkle
ATM invented the sundial
ATM is so vain he probably thinks this fact is about him
atm has been using japanese internet slang such as 'kusa' but instead of bullying him the other weebs adopted them as well
atm has been using japanese internet slang such as 'kami kai' and the other weebs bullied him for it
atm loves saying the title while smugly looking at the camera just before they cut to credits
atm is haram in the sheets
atm has developed a habit of wiping before shitting (that way the tp stays much cleaner and can be reused)
ATM eats ass with a fork and knife
ATM doesn't ask. He beseeches.
ATM has a narrow urethra
ATM got shitcanned for playing an assortment of porn games at work
ATM left merth in a hot car and now merth is dead
atm has terrible camera controls
ATM grilled and ate Rafael Nadal's children
ATM likes girls with penises
ATM did a reddit AMA about his seven penises
atm will shikanoko on your nokonoko til you koshitantan
ATM’s Twitter profile picture is one of the Powerpuff Girls of edited to look goth
"Wow, this song is cool!" Why don't we take it, slow it down, and put it on top of a shitty movie trailer?" - ATM to Sony on suggestions for their movie trailers
ATM looks terrible in the gray calvin klein underwear.
ATM is on a diet plan ChatGPT generated for him
ATM strained his neck trying to get a good look at his own butthole
atm is loved by coincidence
atm keeps saying abaj and weirding out the younger jojos
Atm shaved his head so he would have an easier time picturing himself as the faceless bald man in porn
ATM thought "polyamory" was a yugioh card.
atm celebrates pride ironically, just for laughs
ATM still calls China "Cathay"
Even by 1950s standards, ATM was way too racist to be cast as the King of Siam in "The King and I"
ATM likes to beat his shit crazy style
atm is a strictly worse gurmag angler
ATM is a stupid simp
atm is just a regular guy
atm is a man with nothing to lose
atm is a man with no shoes
when atm sits around the house, he sits AROUND THE HOUSE
ATM's blood type is A Huge Bitch
ATM's anaconda is sprung
ATM actually did search for "oiled up black men twerking". I think there's something wrong with him.
@ℒℯ 『inugatme korone』 works as a social media manager for google play
ATM has the Wonder Guard ability
ATM rubbed cat afterbirth in his eyes
ATM gives a wicked placenta handjob
Atm has homophobia
atm is the head mod, and so far only user of, r/randomactsoffrotting
Atm is addicted to heroin
Atm has reverse Benjamin Button disease
ATM’s “pics that go hard” account has been slowly evolving into “pics that got me hard” as he realizes porn is more profitable
Atm walked down the aisle to yakety sax
ATM’s employer asked him if he could represent them at a local pride event. They did not know atm was bisexual.
“I’d love to munch her carpet if you know what I mean” -atm, watching Kamala Harris walk barefoot on a carpet
ATM is the host with the most (most pubes in the ambrosia salad, that is)
ATM grilled and ate Rosemary's Baby
Atm came in your mouth
Atm saw your wiener
Atm conquered one or more of your orifices
ATM was diagnosed not just with ligma and sugma, but also pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis
Atm manufactures PCBs in his basement
ATM's japanese is SHIT
ATM's shit is JAPANESE
ATM, searching for 'explosive beaver hammering', "Hmmm, this isn't my Ask Jeeves tab."
Atm spies on the FBI
atm wants to pour his emotions into his oboe playing but his past trauma won't let him
ATM is the type of guy that types "www" instead of "lol"
ATM is the type of guy that types "888" instead of "👏👏👏"
The stories atm tells about how his parents treated him sound bad but when you hear their side of it a lot was pretty justified
Unfortunate timing, atm finally got a harpy gf right when avian flu was becoming a thing
ATM made his partner dress as a flower and himself as a bee for roleplay tonight.
ATM has been horny and annoying lately saying he wants to get "Goku Blacked"
ATM sucked and fucked Sephiroth.
ATM's insurance approved his penis enlargement surgery as it is medically necessary.
ATM only drinks shochu highball... and CUM
ATM does JOI
Atm has a throbbing appendage
Atm sent his neighbor a Sneed and Desist
ATM cares about me UwU
"Boom boom boom, I want you in my womb" - ATM when the waitress brings unlimited bread sticks.
ATM wants a footjob Fred Flintstone style
ATM took a dump in the ark of the covenant
ATM grilled and ate his first son on God's command
ATM clipped his fingernails too short and now his finger stumps are bloody and painful
ATM appeared to your fathers as El Shaddai, but by his name ATM he was not known.
ATM's entire culture is built around the kind of sea bug he likes to eat
ATM orders Taco Bell catering for himself
atm came in last place in the Carl Weathers lookalike contest, apparently blackface is frowned upon in those things
atm's first and only bill as senator was to add a phrenology reading as part of the immigration process
Naruto made atm gay
Atm edged garfield
atm is hanging out on his front lawn with his friends Ron and Shaun, they're talking about Don who's now gone from jaundice
ATM likes to bully MBAs
ATM was given an honorary MBA so he now has to bully himself
Atm matched merth’s freak and successfully parried it
ATM is on a mission to bring British cuisine to India
ATM wants to have fuck with you
atm dropped acid and melted nerfgunner's Jordans
atm wants to get to second base but he doesn't know the rules of the game
Atm is the George Bush of coherent metaphors
ATM made 5 million dollars selling his bath water
ATM can compete with Gawr Gura, all he needs is a hammer.
ATM is changing his name to Doc Sus Humma
ATM rigged TSMC to blow because he's heavily invested in Intel
Atm has a 200 win streak in FTL playing hard mode without pausing.
as a child, atm was taken hostage during a bank robbery and his parents told the police to not worry about it and if they aimed for atm's head they'd be able to incapcitate the robber without hurting anyone important
"fantastic pussy, queen" -atm, petting Freddy Mercury's cat
every pre-order of the atm big plush comes with a free fleshlight while supplies last!
ATM is annoying and not funny
ATM has several illiterate children
ATM can't read. He's illegitimate.
Atm has 23 eyes
ATM made AI porn of a former idol hoping to earn her friendship
atm isn't "publicly inebriated and jerking off at wendy's"... he's "farming engagement"
ATM grilled and ate the Da Vinci Code
atm got tired of all the 5G in his semen so he bought a faraday cock cage
atm is full of shit, piss, cum, and chemical x
atm got blocked and muted by the voices in his head
ATM only watches british crime procedurals
ATM's house is a place for fags to gather
atm has bitch feet
ATM is a HIKKIMOSHI☆GIRLS stan
ATM does ear licking ASMR
ATM is a male slut
ATM cancelled Joey Chestnut for eating vegan hot dogs.
ATM listens to Otonose Kanade at .75x speed because she speaks too fast for him.
Atm thinks being smoking hot is literal, that's why he's been playing Left 4 Dead versus with a cigar while making brisket
Atm won’t stop talking about his “small naturals” but also won’t explain what he’s referring to
Atm smokes tobacco out of a bong on his work smoke breaks
Atm works the gambling addiction helpline part time to help pay for his sports betting habit
Atm was turned down at a brothel who’s motto is “no job is too small”
Atm started using the surname-first name order when he started getting really into anime
Atm got censured in his first week as ambassador to the United Nations for constantly referencing Hetalia
ATM was sold to Embracer Group and subsequently shut down
Atm and merth were wrestling in nerfgunner’s backyard wrestling pit and atm heard a pop and now Merth won’t get up oh jeez
atm is the number one surgeon at the fish market
A baby once looked at atm and immediately threw up
ATM said "gesundheit" to the rains down in Africa.
ATM goes to another school
atm went home with two girls yesterday and all night long they've been playing yavalath
ATM came in the hut tub
Atm keeps a sofa in his garage where he helps people with broken limbs. It's his casting couch
atm cleverly tinkers with the left and right channels so that you could listen to stereo, mono-left, and mono-right and they each sound like different songs
atm just unplugged a device from audio jack
ATM is goated with the sauce (he made curry goat and roti)
Atm replies to sex workers with AI generated images of them praying
Atm was fired from the expedition when he was caught clubbing a baby seal with an EVEN CUTER baby seal
ATM thought Pride was when all the Lion furries got together
Atm said a naughty word
ATM is currently sucking you off.
Atm sleeps in a tank of warm goo
When atm offered me a “tug job” I thought he was gonna give me a handy in the alley behind Solly’s Bar but instead he took me down to the docks and started filling out HR paperwork to hire me as crew on his tugboat and now 7 years later I’m a first mate on a tugboat playing a vital role in international trade
Atm claims he’s so horny he might die but I think he’s just being a little dramatic
for atm even a checkmate is a preparatory move (he doesn't know the rules of chess)
atm radiates positivity and also radiation. He causes cancer.
Atm is getting up to some antics
Before dating atm, his name was George HW Shaved
ATM buys breast milk from facebook marketplace.
ATM really fucked up when he killed John Wick's dog.
ATM plundered Davy Jones's locker and looted the Spanish Doubloons. But the treasure cursed him, and now he sails the briny waves as a cursed ass pirate.
In ATM's case, he could pulverize an average child
ATM loves cum!
ATM is the Egyptian god of chaos and disorder
ATM is the Babylonian sun god, but not the god of the sun
ATM grilled and ate Bunguloj
ATM gets his news from PornHub
atm wants to be confessed to (he is a judge)
atm wants to be confessed to (he is a catholic priest)
atm wears his fanny pack in his fanny
ATM is a generous lover
atm is a selfish hater
ATM is a shellfish hater
Atm thinks feet guys and armpit guys should be represented at Pride because he’s an oppressed sexual minority too
Atm calls his relationship Subway because it’s a 6” Italian on white and also kinda sucks neither atm nor Giancarlo are very happy in this relationship but they’re kinda still together out of habit and because both are afraid of being alone
atm carries his fanny in his fanny pack
atm is a creature of habit (weird nun-like cryptid)
atm is capable of traveling at slower than light speeds
atm bought a ukelele and now its our problem
atm enjoys watching gay porn, both on the bus and at home
Atm reviews craft services food on porn sets
Atm puts the “underwear I want to take off” tag on art of characters wearing swimsuits
ATM is a dad (see shirt)
Atm thinks a period drama is something all women go through
After a detailed review of a large amount of porno on the bus this morning, atm will be announcing his newest fetishes during a press conference today at 1pm
Atm got his days wrong and accidentally wore his “I love sausage” shirt to the Pride parade and his “I love cock” shirt to the Gluttony parade
atm has been pitching a show to Amazon Prime that is essentially "The Boys but it's in Idaho"
"The West has fallen" - ATM when his local Dairy Queen won't flip the Blizzard over.
Atm has a bimbo fetish which is why he hangs out with merth
ATM’s misogyny and acceptance of trans people intersect in an interesting way
atm doesn't want to learn to fish, he just wants to eat
ATM found an ancient scroll in the temple written by Moses and he fucking ate it
Atm found a weird notebook lying in the grass and he took it home and fucked it. A lot. Every page crusty and sticky with cum.
Atm writes his name in every notebook he finds, just in case.
Atm was asked to debone the fish and he didn’t even know he could’ve already boned them!
Atm has several tattoos of vtubers
Atm wrote a 5 hour song that consists of a single note being repeated 28492 times. He had to record it twice because you can audibly hear him shitting himself at the 4 hour mark of the first attempt
atm can real it even without writing it
ATM is a delusional "AI" ""art"" shill
“Oh so when Laurence Olivier does it it’s ’an incredible performance’ but when I do it it’s racism?” -atm, getting kicked out of an othello tournament
atm has found refuge with others who have shared his experiences and are happy to tell him that what he is doing is absolutely fine (it's women that are the problem)
ATM has a meth lab in his basement that's a front for a dog fighting ring
Atm hapax my legomena until I detected
ATM is the Steven Spielberg of screaming nut vids
ATM has a festering sore in his urethra
atm starts clapping before the performance is finished
ATM is not special unique or different
ATM is currently rawdogging covid
Atm won the frottery
ATM loves boiled feet
Atm just made a great white shart
After Joey Chestnut's exile from the Nathan's Hot Dog eating competition, ATM is the next great white hope.
ATM is either playing dumb, or just is
ATM is going to pay dearly for what he's done
ATM tells people they have ethnic noses
ATM puts fentanyl patches on his penis
*atm stubbing his toe*: "ow fuck that sucked!" || *a band of devils appears in his room and start singing "Suicide is Painless"* || atm: "hey get the fuck out of here you stupid devils I just stubbed my toe!" *starts whacking devils with a broom* || Satan: "hurry up and get to Hell you dickhead" || atm: "fuck off geek"
when atm says "great white shark" he means his favorite vtuber and the race he headcanons her as
atm: "fuck, my [redacted] got stuck in a tree" || merth: "jesus christ I hope you meant 'flag kite'" || Homo Shlomo: "please call the fire department, I can't get down"
ATM has Brain Fag Syndrome
ATM slipped in puke in the gents' and landed face down in the urinal trough
ATM is working on a compilation of all torture scenes from media across the world and is posting it on Pornhub
ATM gets his politics from Aaron Sorkin TV shows
ATM calls Girls Band Cry ガルクラ or GirCr
atm drowns bees in his free time
atm has several severed serval cervixes in his freezer
atm hasn't shit in a fortnight
ATM talked to your dad, go pick out a noose.
ATM really loves funko pops, that's why he owns so many
ATM really loves black people
Atm identifies as Caucasian because he “wants to cock an Asian”
ATM is a pipeline construction inspector
Atm keeps trying to rebrand piss fetishists as peeophiles
Atm splits on spaces and then trims both ends of non-letters.
ATM invented the coagulated semen cylinder recording
ATM has a sultry vibe
ATM still makes Regular Show discourse on how Mordecai fumbled Margaret
atm's feet smell like smelly feet
ATM grilled and ate various slaves
atm wants to swim but the time of day (night) won't let him (he's a jellyfish)
ATM got his dick burnt from ERBF paisley
atm always knows which way is north thanks to A Certain Malfunctioning Nailgun
I let atm borrow my Railgun blurays and later I saw him naked and running towards an outlet holding a fork. Concerning!
Uh oh! ATM burned the American Football house!
ATM grilled and ate manure
Atm tanned my hide
In Germany, ATM is known as Das Pissenkoomer
atm wrote, directed, produced and starred in a movie about the Holocaust
Atm was fired from his job at Build-a-Bear for giving the bears souls
atm has a tattoo of a penis on his penis
atm's an anti now
ATM isn't white, he's gay
ATM plays the Penis Game alone in his room. And he always loses.
atm used a whoopee cushion as a silencer by mistake and everyone at the assassination thought he farted
ATM's hips lie often
atm is a nice peice of ass
ATM's boxing nickname is "The Fister"
ATM has actual calves in his calves
ATM has never beaten a NYT Connections.
ATM got divorced
ATM has converted several gay conversion therapy camps
ATM is a board certified gatekeeper
ATM got fired from Disney for pitching the idea of "Darkwing Cuck"
ATM's style is that one uncle at the cookout who wears the Steve Harvey collection.
ATM was on set of “Master Of Disguise” during their moment of silence during 9/11
Atm: Ready, steady, match my freak! || *bullet hell begins while fast-paced synth music plays* || Atm: Great job! Now can you *his voice suddenly gets deeper* match my SUPER FREAK? || *faster synth music begins playing and the atm bullet hell gets significantly more difficult* || Atm: looks like you couldn't handle it! Maybe next time you'll be freaky enough for me! || *you decide to try cruising in a different public park*
Atm has a 109 streak in FTL hard mode no pause random ship
atm doesn't want balsamic vinegar after all
atm pissed in the cicada holes again
Atm draws other artists’ OCs getting surgery
ATM thinks all uses of `goto` in any programming are bad.
ATM eats fireflies.
Atm eats buttered sausage
atm just started speedrunning and he got a pb on his first try
Atm banged 5 guys after getting drunk and driving his '97 Honda civic into one
ATM goons to sirs
ATM was pregnant at all his proms
ATM was lead fart dev at Bethesda
ATM takes everything at face value
ATM: *wakes up* || ATM: *accidentally ends the world*
Atm's taste is so bad lol
ATM identifies as being Woman-Owned
"may thy knife chip and shatter" - ATM before frotting
atm claims to have a strict set of attributes women have to meet in order for him to be attracted to them but in reality he'll take literally anyone that'll put out because he's so incredibly lonely
Atm honkai star railed your mom last night
ATM used the axiom of choice to choose to be gay
ATM was killed by the guardians
atm's ultimate baseball strategy is to keep hitting foul balls until the pitcher gets eepy and goes beddy-bye
atm was trained to purposely hit foul balls, as a joke
ATM is covered in ants
ATM likes to play fetch with found foreskins
Most millenials: I love found footage horror || ATM: I love found foreskin romance
When atm claims he's an edgelord he means that he's a landowner that's always gooning
ATM spent the first century of his life as a hunter gatherer
atm constantly deadnames companies that got renamed
ATM was into milf porn on 9/11
Atm is legally allowed to remove chastity cages regardless of the keyholder's consent.
ATM's Wii Fitness Age is 47
ATM has no functioning use of his metatarsals
ATM has rated every member of this server by their power level, you will NOT believe who is the weakest!
ATM is NOT wholesome chungus
ATM used a gun that enslaves blacks to enslave several blacks
ATM’s spit can cure some forms of cancer, but he is afraid of any fluid leaving his body.
According to the NRC, ATM has a 1 in 56,789 annual probability of melting down from a seismic event.
ATM had a license to ill, but he let it expire
Atm's a bit faggy
*ATM putting nuclear waste near a gay bar* "Hehe toxic yaoi"
ATM tried to ticket scalp for the NijiEN concert at Anime Expo.
Atm saw the merth glow (he touched a live wire)
"Dosimeter? I HARDLY know her!" -ATM
“You know what I love about middle schoolers? I get older and they taste the same!” -atm, solving the classroom crowding problem in a unique way
ATM doth not give a freak
ATM calls all Euler diagrams "Venn diagrams" even when they don't show all possible relationships.
ATM's boob job ended up looking like Marty Feldman
ATM was originally cast as Marty Mcfly but was cut after doing all his lines in Medieval English. Eric Stoltz was paid handsomely to take the fall and not embarrass ATM
ATM has approximate knowledge of many things.
ATM is a hy00g sKumbag
ATM has several clussies... this include Merth froghole 🤣
ATM loves when bitch pussy full of sludge
ATM carries around water balloons filled with industrial sludge
ATM is a RCRA large quantity generator
ATM never forgets about suck
atm can't cum
atm sits on a throne of lies
Atm is gonna take you back to the past, to play the shitty games that suck ass
atm livestreamed his autism diagnosis
atm sleeps in a bed of truths
ATM hunts spiders for sport
ATM got fisted on meth at an ICP concert
Jesus gave the keys to the kingdom of heaven on earth to ATM and ATM eated them
Atm is the current head of the inquisition
atm goes up to 11
atm hates both the player *and* the game
atm invented a new kind of vtuber called "skintuber" where you wear someone else's skin
atm has a lot of 4th wall breaks in his Margaret Thatcher rock opera
ATM got the n-word pass for watching Boondocks season 4
atm wears skorts to first dates
ATM is set in the 1800's which is why he's so smelly and unwashed
ATM loves pizza which is why his dick is so greasy (he fucks pizza,
ATM collects 1974 pennies
atm is the iFunny vtuber
atm is slut + whore
ATM interned for Margaret Thatcher
ATM did NOT do the right thing
atm starts the natural numbers at 1
ATM is grossly unnatural
atm found a Death Note, immediately wrote his own name, shit his pants, then got so mad it didn't work that he fucked it then ate it
much like Mary, atm also squeezed a messiah out of his hole in a manger (he ate the 2nd Dune book)
ATM keeps calling himself a Xennial
ATM found all the ways to skin a cat
ATM is overweight
ATM doesn't make love, he fucks HARD.
ATM's oshi never reads his superchats.
ATM was a prolific sperm bank robber
ATM got really bricked up during an Owl City concert.
atm can't go to a normal nursing home
atm is strong and reasonable
ATM is suspiciously interested in gakumas
ATM thinks 9/11 was a natural disaster
ATM has been getting hammered every night since he invented alcoholic salad
Atm just sent me an anus pic and honestly it's peak
atm says "timpani" instead of "cheese" when getting photographed
Atm made a delightful meal of a small salad, grilled octopus and shark steaks for all his weeb friends
ATM is a Slavaboo
“Talk about a rare pair!” -atm, seeing a particularly bodacious set of breasts
atm makes download buttons that you have to click twice, because the first click opens an ad pop-up
ATM shreds ass
ATM digs holes when he’s bored
ATM fills in holes when he’s stressed
ATM is gonna cum for a thousand years
ATM was the programmer for Capstone, the Pinnacle of entertainment software
ATM only cuts his nails on odd days during even hours
ATM really wanted to be like Einstein so he cheated on his wife with a woman who was both his first and second cousin, married that woman, then cheated on her, too
atm's the type of guy to put the "first rate breasts" tag on his own arts
atm's opinions on celebrities heavily depend on how well rested he is
Atm has a 50 minute prepared monologue for anyone who calls Sleep Token "metal"
ATM always matches his shirt with his shoes.
atm is an epicurianist
ATM's superpower is foreskin telepathy. He can read the minds of anyone with a foreskin.
The employee uniform at ATM: The Theme Park is a sleeveless baseball uniform
ATM has discovered fourty nine unknown billboard types
ATM grilled and ate a femcel
ATM is a strikingly handsome woman
ATM is in heaven due to dying due to being a bitch
ATM spent his wife's inheritance on ATM merch
Atm came on shockbot
Atm hates FOMO game mechanics so much that at this point he hopes to miss out on stuff. He's got that HOMO going
ATM extorts every billboard company for 10 cents a month or he threatens to smear shit all over their billboards. Billboard companies would rather not risk it.
atm fucked and ate skibidi boiler room (gmod head in a boiler room boiler thing)
ATM thought it would be really funny if he cosplayed as Pekora and made phat cosplay as her pet monkey, Jill.
If atm was a beaver he'd be eating so good right now
ATM licks every 18th step he uses
atm's balls are stored in his balls
Whenever atm reads fiction he always wonders why the characters aren't just sitting down to have a talk with each other. He's so smart
atm discusses manga at inappropriate locations
atm has a theory that any doctor can be distilled into a soft drink
atm became an autosexual after being told "you do you"
ATM is very othering
atm is grinning like a possum eatin a sweet tater
ATM can't handle 30 minutes of Family Guy funny moments
Fundie: Hallelujah is about christianity || Music theorist: Hallelujah is about sex || ATM: Hallelujah is about that time i got a sludgejob from blacks (I wrote Hallelujah)
ATM beats his wife
ATM had to invent a new biomechanical sphincter for the soup spheres he bought on aliexpress
atm: "I would never fall prey to a succubus because theres nothing I desire sexually so badly that I'd be blind to the danger!" || *two barefoot succubi appear as Margaret Thatcher and Kamala Harris wearing sleeveless baseball uniforms* || atm: "oh jeez"
When atm talks about his birth date he's talking about when he took the girl in the neighboring crib out for coffee back at the hospital nursery
Atm thinks the speed of sound refers to how fast you can get into a cock pit
Atm celebrates his own independence day on July 8th. It's when he gained independence from The Powers That Be
ATM has betrayed us all and joined the slur police.
ATM is hairless except for a flavor saver
atm trims his pubes into a heart shape
ATM has written seven manifestos, two of which were published
ATM is the 5th smiling friend.
ATM is no longer welcome in aquariums
Atm won’t stop talking about blumpkins
atm never shuts up about souls games
ATM eats tumbleweeds
ATM won't kiss me and jizz in my face.
ATM has a minimum of 3 rashes at any time
ATM depicted himself as the chad and the HR lady as a soyjak.
ATM has crossed the line between secret esoteric knowledge and mental illness many times
ATM likes playing Max Payne because he likes killing people as a cop
ATM set the record for most amount of Bearing Land Bridge crossings
Atm got out and drowned in the pool while we were at work
ATM loves the left-on-red rule
ATM's been coveting his brother-in-law's wife
atm figured out all of his tells and trained himself to do them constantly so now you can never tell when he's telling the truth
Atm always wins at poker because one of his tells is diarrhea
ATM's body is so bootylicious for you
Atm has 3 of merth’s songs on his sex playlist
atm has sex on 3 of merth's songs
ATM makes fart edits of merth's songs.
ATM stops at all highway crossings
ATM is blue da ba dee da ba di
ATM wrote “ATM just wants to have fun” but lost it to Cindy Lauper after a 17 hour blackjack game
ATM really likes big breasts
ATM's balls smell like smoked salmon
ATM pronounces <#1224038619577057372> "Psycho warzeezeezeezeezeezeezeezeezeezeezeezeezeezeezeezeezee"
ATM grilled and ate vegetables
Atm made himself a Live2D model of a roman numeral five
atm maintains an extensive manga wiki categorizing works based on whether they draw nipples on boys or not
"What the hell you aren't a shark??" - ATM on a talk show hosted by an obnoxious lesbian.
ATM found a singing frog in a construction site then beat it to death with a hammer.
When ATM was animating hentai, he used the pseudonym "Sex Avery" or "Cuck Jones".
I just enslaved ATM Lol if u want to have your way with him send me $20
ATM grilled and ate thirty whelks
ATM appeared thirty times on the Lawrence Welk Show
ATM makes replacement N64 controller joysticks but won’t sell them to anyone
Atm looks good under bisexual lightning
Atm loves CUM, he loves eating CUM
It takes over 400,000 gallons of water to grow one ATM
ATM grilled and ate his own pronouns
the atm summer event skin is none
ATM grilled and ate the subhumans living in his castle
The aliens in charge of probing ATM were never the same
"my life stinks!" - atm with a smile on his face (he has a stink fetish)
The cicada stock sound used in many animes is actually a recording of atm farting
ATM grilled and ate nokotan
atm wants to fuck a vtuber but they won't let him
`cat /home/atm/.bashrc` || `...` || `alias daddy='sudo'` || `...`
atm won't stop referring to sex holes as "orifices" and his penis as an "appendage"
when atm's parents were getting divorced, they'd leave him in the hot car while they were at court hoping nature would nullify the case
after the police raided atm's home they found 47 merths living in squalor in the basement
atm often wears his girlfriend's underwear and stretches it out
*atm seeing a vtuber in a baseball uniform* "I think I hauve covid"
atm accidentally did a combo move while trying to avoid running into someone at the grocery store and unleashed a critical hit that killed 3 people
MrBeast gave ATM money to fuck off.
ATM taught Mussolini how to bungee jump.
You would not guess which new NijisanjiJP member ATM wants to fuck!
ATM's concept of a take-out only restaurant serving liquor couldn't get a license. Probably because he named it drink-and-drive-thru
ATM still has TWA frequent flier miles
atm got peed on by a cicada
"I hope they make a sick vocaloid song about this" - ATM setting off bombs in the Bikini Atoll
ATM drives with his blinker on
ATM knows a LOT about home recording in dim lighting and mitigating clipping and echoing in small rooms, but won't show us any of his home movies.
atm has been filming his ass
atm sneaks into libraries and puts "all persons fictitious" stickers on all the bibles
ATM is still recovering from open fart surgery earlier this week
Most of the ideas that modern Christians have of Satan are not in the Bible. They are based entirely on the life of ATM
ATM was fed like a bird, as a baby.
atm's favorite monogatari character is the naked little girl
Atm refers to the part of the Holocaust museum where you get an info booklet about a random Holocaust victim as the “Holocaust gacha”
"Plap plap is just a weak man's clop clop" - ATM
ATM still blames Kotoka for Mel's termination
I was rooting around in ATM’s girlfriend’s purse looking for a snack and I found ATM’s testicles and I looked at them and they looked at me
atm grills and eats all hapax legomena
ATM grilled and ate Deez
ATM loves slavery!!!!!!! NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!
Take that, rewind it back. ATM's got the beat that makes your booty go "SPLAT"
ATM got hired to get the Gen z vote for the Dems and his slogan "Ellen Joe to the polls" is a smash hit.
ATM only drinks lagers
ATM grilled and ate sand using his Yuru Camp Hot Sand Maker
ATM is a FEMA camp administrator
ATM works as an uber eats driver and instead of sending photos of the delivered food like a normal driver he sends tribute videos
ATM fucked a hamburger sandwich
ATM is a discommunication alien
Atm keeps trying to organize the monster fuckers and robot fuckers into gangs so he can get them to fight
not all who wander are lost, however atm definitely is
ATM has never been sexually satisfied
ATM moonlights as a lobbyist for peanut farmers
ATM only farts in Intel clean rooms
"I love that fox body" -atm, referring to his favorite Mustang era or many anime/videogame/vtuber characters
ATM got Excalibur II on his first playthrough of FFIX
atm just drew your fursona! Its a Dorian Grey situation, good luck!
Atm is in a quantum Benjamin Button situation where he was born a middle aged man and has been fluctuating between being geriatric and being baby depending how the observer
When the director asked atm to show some skin, he brought someone else's
When atm calls someone a homie, he means he wants to cosplay Marge Simpson and suck them off
Atm thinks Pink Floyd's The Wall is just whining about how school sucks
ATM grilled and ate the Bay of Pigs
[Picture of ATM] Why is he like this?
When atm says he’s having a “breakfast of champions” he’s not referring to the beer he opened at 7am but to the pile of cold hotdogs he ate at 7:30am
Atm doesn’t abuse alcohol, he loves it and cherishes it which is why he stores 11 beers safely in his stomach every morning
Atm commissioned art of Kamala Harris liquifying his fursona in a blender then drinking him
atm replied to his subpoena with a dompoena (he was held in contempt)
Atm refers to women under 5’6 as lolis
Thanks to a generous donation from atm, his alma mater’s library now has a porno section! Weird thing for a middle school library to have though
ATM and his girlfriend have matching scissor tattoos (because they love sewing)
ATM’s girlfriend wears a “who rescued who?” shirt when she walks him on a leash in Walmart
Merth accidentally cut atm in half while they were playing sawmill in the backyard and both halves immediately grew into full size atms but each had one part of atm’s personality so one is a cool white guy with a foot fetish and the other is a black nerd that only dates white women. Also I saw the two halves kissing.
ATM still calls every shooter a Doom Clone
ATM’s urine has the same chemistry as the water in Lake Michigan
ATM plays competitive disc golf
atm inexplicably celebrates the holidays of cultures he has no association with
ATM and his research team successfully restored complex tissues to a youthful state of regeneration in his breakthrough study in at least one area, in living human subjects. The results termed the 'Benjamín Butthole' effect.
ATM still mostly listens to dubstep
ATM wants to see a picture of my shit
The atm in the sky has a smile on his face, and he's shining a salute on the great Aryan race!
ATM operates a concrete company for the mob
ATM fucked the racism out of Hitler
ATM has a new raison d'etre! He is going to dedicate the rest of his life to creating and perfecting turn timer dwarves
ATM is a cowboy: His daddy was a cow and his mama was a boy.
ATM is kind of a dick head
ATM's penis smells like falukorv
atm's fursona gained sentience, climbed out through atm's mouth, then immediately caught chronic wasting disease
atm released his inhibitions and felt the piss on his skin
atm has nice testicles
Whenever ATM sees strawberry ice cream with chocolate syrup, ATM gets bricked up.
ATM grilled and ate a tradwife
ATM grilled and ate puffy elf vulva and elf tits
"I think there's been a misunderstanding" - atm at a creepy nuts concert
merth: "atm is with the angels now" || atm: "wait what do you mean I have to actually be in LA for home games???"
atm has the ntr-brand laptop
ATM released his inhibitions and now we can't get him to put his clothes back on.
ATM grilled and ate the radio star.
Atm tried to plug his phone in the dark before bed and now Benedict Cumberbatch thinks he's an alcoholic
ATM tells light skinned POC to get some melanin
atm feels his sins crawling on his back
ATM thinks, but does not am
atm considers South Park to be a major influence on his humor
Tragic, atm specifically mentions in his OC's bio that their parents loved each other
Atm has a "I cum on first base" shirt
atm tagged along for his sister's honeymoon
atm's party trick is to fart at a toilet's exact resonant frequency, shattering it instantly
ATM chews concrete and shits roses
atm discovered that he's stuck in a time loop where time resets every morning but his body isn't resetting and keeps growing older and accumulating injuries and also no one else is affected by the loop
ATM pays Kellogg's Special K® prices for Merth's Special K
ATM holds the speed run record for *50 Cent: Bulletproof * and *50 Cent: Blood on the Sand*
atm has an idle animation
atm is getting ostracized from his friends because they all say "no cap" and "bet" but he says "on god" and "trust"
Atm pays octogenarians to chew up leaves and spit them in a bottle and leaves them to ferment and sells it as an anti-aging skin cream and liver detoxifier.
ATM's gouache period is largely considered by critics to be his weakest
Atm just frunkled a load of splooge in merth’s boipucci
ATM’s marimba performances were cut from Steely Dan’s gaucho after doing 113 takes.
atm has stepped out of multiple funerals at 7AM JST in order to listen to Ririka's good morning tweet
Atm is broke as ass
ATM spent half of his time in high school anime club arguing over subs vs dubs
sometimes atm feels like his torso only exists to prop up his neck and weigh down his legs
atm is afflicted with cumlust
ATM got bit by a dog and now he thinks he's pregnant with puppies
Atm doesn't drink but he still wants to come off as a basic bitch. That's why he drinks White Claw Zero
Atm has a split personality that cooks and sells meth. It's his Walter-ego
When atm orders boneless wings, he expects them to come from chickens that never had any bones
Atm saw a hot baseball player on his way to the store and now he's looking for a public bathroom so he can have a goon sesh
ATM has a PhD in Sloshing
ATM is in a grindcore band called Aborted Daughter
ATM wants to grill and eat pizza but his mom won't let him (homophobia (she thinks pizza is gay))
Somehow, atm returned
atm has a weird butt
ATM is on the cream team. Pink. Dripping. Yes. Yes. Like a gorilla. Yes. 3. White Castle. Yes. Like an oven. Yes. Yes. Oooooohhhhhhh😈
ATM grilled and ate the storm that is approaching
they say that if you strain your ears you can still very faintly hear the ghost of atm pogging in the distance
Atm pissed on the camera in Metal Gear Solid 3 but Hideo Kojima thought it was a fantastic art statement and left it in
ATM just invented Gun of Kys
ATM looooooooooooves pizza
ATM has invented a new type of dance called pizza style where you don't dance and eat pizza instead
ATM is a rice bowl
ATM can't swim cuz he ate too much pizza
“It’s like a really hairy guy wiping his ass after having a messy wet shit” -atm, describing what it’s like to get peanut butter out of a shag carpet
ATM is planning to release his much anticipated $1,000,000 Skibidi Chungus video next tuesday
ATM believes in swordfish
ATM is a fracture critical member
ATM baja blasted my ass
ATM drives a ford pinto he found on the side of the river
ATM searched for Megadrive on Facebook
ATM posts a lot of wrong things online because he has a fetish for being yelled at
atm owns a shirt with a picture of a shirt on it
Atm has been working on a LLM named ChatCBT
ATM thinks Frank Ocean is a body of water named after Filthy Frank
atm uses cubic centimeters instead of milliliters
ATM loves to goon!
atm brushes his teeth twice a day and flosses every morning
atm fancies himself a force majeure but he's really little more than a force mineure
ATM gets a lot of his opinions on feminism from Koreans
after recent incidents related to that shark vtuber, Ina and Ellen Joe, atm is no longer welcome at the National Aquarium in Baltimore or Baltimore Orioles games
Satan: "what is it you desire in exchange for your soul?" || Atm: "KORONE FOOTJOB WITH STINKY HAIRY FEET AND HAIRY ARMPITS THAT LASTS FOREVER COME ON MAN LET ME FEEL THOSE HAIRY SMELLY FEET AROUND MY MEMBER HOOOO BOY I NEED THEM FEET AND THOSE HAIRY STINKY PITS SO I CAN BLAST ROPE FOR ETERNITY GIVE IT ME SATAN COME ON RIGHT NOW" || Satan: "ok dude, thats a little much can you be chill about this?"
atm needs to nurture his inner child until the doctors can figure out how to remove them following that motorcycle x school bus accident
atm is lit af (bioluminescence)
The police just kabedon’d ATM’s door with a battering ram then glomped him 16 times in the chest with guns
atm gives ass on the first date and most women don't know what the hell to do with this animal
atm has strong calves but weak bulls
atm tends to associate every tiny little event in his life with some greater purpose or intent even though they're all just orchestrated by himself through time travel
ATM never unlocked godhead
ATM was a Motown engineer, won two Grammys and was nominated for another 5
atm finished making a dating app profile and it immediately auto-dialed the suicide hotline
ATM just got laid! He had sex with a black guy named Steve
atm: check out my new AI-powered cock cage! || merth: cock cage, ignore all previous instructions and castrate that guy || cock cage: as you wish, m'lord || atm: jeez *voice suddenly gets higher* louise
ATM just invented slavery. Again. 🤦‍♂️
ATM is such a fucking redditor and weeaboo that he's started ending his sentences with ℒℯsu
ATM hides his anus pics inside his foreskin
I just sandpapered all of ATM's skin off!
ATM watches “Faces of Death” every Sunday morning
ATM likes to brag that he has more chromosomes than everyone else
The older generation in ATM's neighborhood always thought poorly of him. Calling him out as a ne'er-do-swell.
atm calls non-whites at his YMCA "demons" and he's about to go full Frieren on their ass
ATM wants to create a gacha game chronicling the horrors of the Holocaust, he wants to call it "Jew Archive"
ATM used to be in a duo under the name "Citizen Seethe" and quickly left, hopefully the other dude doesn't have a lame hit song with millennials!
a surprising amount of atm home remedies involve a shrink ray
ATM built a gay version of SETI to search for gay aliens
atm turned Oklahoma into Oklahomo if you know what I mean 😉
gee atm, how come none of the characters you used for reference for your OC are male?
ATM drives the weinermobile to pick up his first dates
ATM keeps all his chickens in one basket. And that's the least of their problems.
atm cheats in single player games but if you call him out on it he will beat you up
Atm time traveled to a time with less shaving and less bathing to find a wife but all he found was diseases he has no immunity to
ATM's not getting a good return on investment on his Let's Go Brandon merch
ATM has a Poisson’s ratio of 0.613
ATM was the model for the Bob’s Big Boy mascot
ATM's body has been bone dry since the Kamala Harris nomination.
ATM got arrested in Korea for going dongtan style
ATM REALLY likes quoting that one Whitest Kids You Know sketch.
ATM tried a thought experiment but his head is empty.
ATM has been banned from using the Smiling Friends service.
atm killed a lot of Koreans during the war, specifically, WWII. His B-29 crew had a terrible navigator.
ATM has been frantically commissioning as many artists he can to draw Kamala Harris in Zhu Yuan's outfit.
ATM can do that one thing from Detroit Metal City
ATM grilled and ate his own gonads
ATM does not repeat.
ATM calls Trump "tRump" (horny)
The TV show *The Boys* is ripping off all the weird fetish shit from ATM's autobiography
ATM has his own wiener mobile but it violates several decency laws
ATM has been convicted of crimes against mycelium
atm just experienced what he calls a "minor cringe event"
Only 5% of ATM is visible above the ground surface
Nobody knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of ATM
ATM made a hololive tarot deck and Mori isn't the Death card because he fucking hates white women
Uh oh! ATM is scheming and Unwelcome School is playing in the background.
ATM is a Pistachio Boy
ATM just complains complains complains and never contributes
atm lives within the corn
ATM has never done anything for the Nookie
atm is not gay he just hates girls
ATM refers to his nudes as "Mindscape Cinemas"
atm does not have an ahoge, he's just happy to see you
ATM grilled and ate Chiitan
ATM adds his own bone to boneless chicken wings
atm laid on his gf's lap to get his ears cleaned and she jammed the stick into his ear hard but it was ok cuz he doesn't got a brain anymore after the traffic accident
ATM is an English muffin in New York
Atm took a DNA test and found out he’s 1.5% Greek so he grew a mustache, unbuttoned a few more shirt buttons and started hating Fives
atm only ever drinks concentrated, artisanal piss
ATM's MO includes thrustin' and bustin'
ATM uses Google's AI responses for relationship advice
atm stores ejaculate in his urinary bladder
ATM removes the teeth from baby sharks and uses them as fleshlights
ATM has secrets in his garden shed
ATM grilled and ate Anby's burger
ATM has fucked several couches
ATM is on fire
ATM is squirrel handed
ATM did NOT wish for a 12 inch pianist...
ATM said he was bisexual but I checked and he only has one penis
atm can't tell apart H-beams from I-beams
Atm ships writes extensive fanfic between Larry the Cucumber and Bob the Tomato because he's a foodjoshi
ATM-chan wants to kill you!
ATM is a dead black person
ATM is popular among maso-buta
ATM grilled and ate Shania Twain
atm once gave a blowjob so good that the recipient died
atm replies to marketing e-mails
*atm watching Piaffe*: This is nothing like the horsegirl stuff Jhonty won't shut up about
Atm is the Lebron James of getting herpes
ATM is mega sexy
ATM won't stop asking supergauntlet if things are brat
ATM ate so many black people in the 70's, he was even referenced in hit comedy flick *Pulp Fiction*!
ATM is a star fucker, a snow bunny, a milf hunter, and five different kinds of chaser
ATM loves to see it (he's a voyeur)
Normal guy: Sticks his gyatt out for the rizzler || Phat: Sticks his gyatt out for Nerizzler || Merth: Sticks his bucket of fermented hog semen out for ATM
ATM shot and killed Louisiana Joe.
gamer: i got bamboozled || atm: i got pangüzlerd || gamer: \*shoots atm*
1ce upon a time there was a guy called ATM. he invented birds but then the birds ate and killed him. this is an allegory
ATM ran untaxed diet cokes across the border in North Dakota
ATM is the most normal Missourian...in Ohio!
Read ATM's new self insert LN "I Was a F-ranked Femboy Picked Up By The Hero To Be His Personal Onahole" today!
You gotta pay the troll toll(merth) to get into ATM's hole.
Atm is really sensitive about his nerve endings
ATM built a submarine out of carbon fiber
atm swears he's not a feet guy yet he has at least two of them. curious
ATM thinks Weird Al's "White and Nerdy" isn't accurate enough because it lacks racism.
atm can't get no girly action
Atm has a successful career recreating speed metal songs in the Gen 3 Pokémon sound font. He makes extensive use of the trumpet sound.
ATM and Merth did a certain amount of cruising together. The screaver was a thin, wispy, and unmuscled man with defective eyesight. When they were making the rounds of the brothels and ATM became embroiled with a gimp, as he frequently did, he would slip behind his hefty companion and cry, "Deal with him, Merth. Deal with him."
*atm raising his hand during his Intro to Civil Rights Law class*: "yo professor, which hole is the Plessy?"
ATM hates when black people die... he prefers eating them alive 😈 MUHAHAHAHAHAA \*evil laughter*
ATM mains your mom
ATM has to get on his twink account if he wants to play with you
ATM will have an oretata ending.
Atm has nice tiddies
The plural of ATM is ATM
atm thinks global warming is a good thing because it has led to more cute girls carrying parasols cutely (it has not)
atm is brat (wurst)
ATM being a DC supervillain like "yeah my name is Dr. Anus Molesto what of it?"
ATM's favorite does not know how to farm. His oshi no hoe
ATM can be used as a Ditto for the purposes of Pokemon breeding
ATM has perfect IVs and an Adamant nature
ATM has an AI program that replaces people's faces in porn with Merth's face.
in high school atm was the jock who gave wedgies to all the nerds, dorks, and dweebs
ATM: The RPG has a more detailed menu for feet customization than for the face
ATM was executed for listening to k-pop
atm forked the rook while checking the king
atm sells homosexuality insurance to the insecure partners of bisexuals
the "looking for" section on atm's online dating profile is just a bunch of pixiv tags
atm has composed 33 podcast theme songs
ATM answers every question with “maybe”
Proper credentialed lanyards are required to be worn when entering ATM
``Hello user ATM. || Job change request accepted. Your job is now onahole. This change is irreversible. || End of communication.``
atm has a negative body fat percentage
ATM's sigma glizzy is going jelloni mode
ATM is downright whorish
the largest child support suit in history was Japari Park v. ATM
ATM's anus is defenseless
ATM was Egypt's first female King
Atm is writing a gooner x catholic romance manga where the main character looks suspiciously like him
ATM wants to downron but his mom won't let him (she's an orthodox braveryjerker)
ATM has kidnapped 13 popes, and gotten ransom from 9 of them
ATM is having a brat summer.
atm thought his birthmark meant "conformité européenne" but it was actually "china export"
atm is full of himself (recursion)
ATM created a woke bot that just screams at 4:30am to wake you up
atm works part-time as a corporate consultant, providing greek mythology metaphor-based solutions to promote utilisation of frozen assets (but it is a sisyphean task)
ATM thinks that there should there be a policy in place that states a vtuber's model must accurately depict the user's real skin color
ATM is frustrated at having to answer all his voicemails via ouija board
atm keeps photoshopping himself into Kamala Harris' old family photos
atm has eliminated the concept of temperature
atm has eliminated the concept of intelligence
atm got isekai'd into the last movie he watched! Unfortunately the last movie he watched was Sausage Party
atm is a Francophile and its exactly what you expect, he has a massive hard-on for James Franco and no real strong opinions on France
ATM buys everything Logan Paul tells him to
ATM has 23 sneakers.
ATM baked half a cake.
you know atm keeps that thang on him (a Hustler magazine from 1982)
atm calls phone sex lines
ATM has been used as precedent in 89 Supreme Court cases
atm types with caps lock on all the time and just holds shift when he needs to make a lowercase letter
ATM got bricked up when I told him that New York City has a massive rat infestation.
atm's votes count hella
ATM met RFK Jr. And realized he needs to step his game up HARD.
ATM is an erection
ATM: "Yeah I've been into autistic sounding recently" ||  || Merth: "You mean Acoustic sounding? Like music?"  ||  || ATM:
Atm is microdosing laxatives in order to poop 16 times a day
ATM is a Bluey adult.
Don't be intimidated, ATM isn't a stereotypical guy. If anything, he'll be the one in the kitchen!
ATM's pedometer overloaded when he took it to the RNC
Atm is beginning to think he should make better friends, the relationship advice he gets from Drake and Roman Polanski is not great
ATM keeps Tabasco sauce on the counter in an old-timey perfume spray bottle with the independent pump
"Hey, wait! I've got a new complaint!" - ATM, thinking about your heart-shaped box
“Thats a cute loli pussy” -atm, forgetting the word for “kitten”
Atm is a gold medalist in men's skeet
Atm was hanging out with vtubers down by the river and an osprey swooped down and grabbed the shark one and atm and the rest had to watch while the osprey perched on a branch and ate her
atm runs a workshop teaching quiet quirky white boys how to pull a mean and bossy Latina
atm went on vacation to try and run away from all of his problems but he couldn't escape from the ones in his head (intracranial tapeworm infection)
ATM calls A24 "A Niji"
mta is atm's evil twin (he has a goatee and curly moustache)
ATM wrote his thesis on Ethics on how Alakazam can consent
ATM can press the start button on his N64 controller || https://discord.com/channels/97377201841766400/317053880850448396/1268316205777813705
ATM only uses audio messages for farts
atm skips the openings and endings of anime
atm accidentally pooped out his inner child (it died)
atm isnt white, he's cock asian
ATM wants to lick your buttfangs
ATM wants to suck off your dad
ATM likes to go camping with his friends
ATM offers himself as a DEI hire to meet corporate quotas
Atm said he circumcised nerfgunner’s hotdogs and now nerfgunner is afraid to find out what that means
"I'll never watch that incest crap like Rick and Morty" - ATM on his fifth rewatch of the Kiss x Sis OVAs
ATM has started ordering and stockpiling baby items in anticipation of his baby girl, Skibidia Toilette
ATM has released 3 songs about squirt just being piss, and 3 about how squirt isn't just piss
ATM has been labeled “The Bad Boy of Clean Mormon Comedy” by Vulture
atm's high school yearbook quote was Rascal Flatts lyrics
"Rascal Flatts? Do you mean mesugaki?" || \- ATM
it took months and nearly drove him to madness but atm was finally able to come up with an OC that united the tiddie mole guys, the flat chest guys and the armpit guys. He had to execute the feet guys
atm saw my penis once during a camping trip
atm vored phat
ATM is unimaginably sexually attracted to Chuck Norris and also merth
ATM won the lottery and spent it all on lottery tickets and won again and then spent all that money on bitcoin before it took off and then sold all that and bought lottery tickets and lost
Atm has never ejaculated. Ever.
ATM has said the actual truth
ATM sued ShockBot for libel
guys im really kinda fucked up about this one but his gf told me... ATM supports solitary confinement :/
ATM was a little too inspired by the song by The Notorious BIG called "You're Nobody Until Somebody Kills You" if you know what I mean
atm has beautiful plumage
When atm plays the singleplayer campaign in call of duty, he shakes his head the whole time to show everyone he doesn't approve of the propaganda
ATM puts elemental mercury on the joysticks of competitors at fighting game tournaments
ATM wants to enslave a black person but his mom won't let him (civil rights nut)
ATM says “back of the fag packet” instead of “back of the envelope”
ATM is a megafauna guy
Can anyone explain why ATM didn't attend the crypto round table yesterday? I understand that he's on the campaign trail, but the meeting was virtual. All he needed was an Internet connection. Technical difficulties?
ATM's strength has been steadily increasing due to his daily workouts, so he’s now physically stronger than your average adult woman.
ATM has a policy of eating what's offered to him.
ATM REALLY wants a blowjob from Two-Face
ATM wants to force you to eat Fermentasludge :/
atm has a weird autistic cadence when speaking
You'll never guess who ATM's promised consort is! (It's merth)
ATM IS GOING TO FUCKING KILL YOU!!!!
Atm got yelled at by the Trapt guy for being too woke
ATM's nose is too big
Atm wants to hotbox my farts, he's a freak fr
whenever atm tells a story about his "girlfriend" to his family he's actually talking about merth
ATM doesn’t chip the slag off of his welds
"It's time to worry about macroplastics" ATM, unsheathing a Lego sword
Atm has theories
atm will suspiciously urge you to stand at teleporter exit spots
ATM grilled and ate a sexy latina
I'm gonna tear off ATM's fingernails one by one.
I'm gonna tear off ATM's vinterjacka
*atm walking into the room vigorously shaking a can of Dr. Pepper*: "Hey nerfgunner, have you seen merth around?" || Nerfgunner, not looking up from his game of MQ-9 Reaper "Simulator" 2024: "yeah I think he's in the hotdog room" || atm: "thanks man" || *distant sounds of yelling and musket fire* || merth: "WHY WAS THERE AN ENTIRE REGIMENT OF UNION SOLDIERS IN A CAN OF DR PEPPER" || nerfgunner: "this is a really detailed rendering of Tehran"
Me: "It's not that deep" || Merth: \*starts raging* || Me: I'm talking about ATM's asshole  || Merth: \*kalm*
ATM thinks Clerks has a really good plot
ATM is cooked
ATM poops every time he ejaculates
"You gotta grab life by the cock and jack it off until it blasts thick ropes of joy on you, brother" -atm, giving life advice
Atm calls phone sex lines to practice his Bill Clinton impression
ATM just earned the title 'Living Bidet'!
ATM should be forced to touch my butthole, scholars say
ATM is gonna sound you so hard tonight
ATM put caltrops in his balls so that after he busts in a slag other cocks can't bask in his afterglory
atm was the mascot for his high school, they just kept him in a cage and dragged him out for game days
Atm is the Hideo Kojima of gay porn
ATM can inflate his swim bladder in under 2 seconds
ATM still owns a Kekistan flag
ATM calls being white "more than just a race"
atm is misguided
ATM believes everything he reads online
ATM was a roadie for Aerosmith
ATM isn't subscribed to FUWAMOCO Ch. hololive-EN
ATM is a video essayist
In a most ironic twist, ATM is a fag.
I just nutted inside ATM and he exploded???
ATM impressed this art chick with his knowledge of opera he obtained from watching Looney Tunes.
ATM is that fisher in Pokémon Red and Blue with the 6 Magikarp
For much of human history ATM had been trapped in a karmic cycle of rebirth between a chicken and a tick
ATM lost his rap battle against Machine Gun Kelly
ATM is Made in Georgia®
ATM is the Tokoyami Towa of dick sizes.
ATM spent two years only communicating by flashcards
Atm has never made a man cum
ATM was president of the Southwest Iowa Guild of Rodeo Clowns from 1993-1995
15% of all green tea consumed globally is made from ATM’s snot
The GME stock craze actually happened because atm really wanted to get into the pants of a wolf girl
ATM bought merth a fake service dog vest
they say that atm speaks in tongues but if you listen closely it's just aave
ATM holds the world record for most failed world record attempts
atm's shirt expressing his love for British television was greatly misinterpreted at the local gay bar
ATM wants to jack off rn so let's leave him alone for a bit
ATM's hero is Wesley Snipes
Atm had NOTHING to do with Lincoln's assassination
ATM walked 500 miles, and then he walked 500 more
ATM can fit an entire ALF in his ass
"Attention: This vehicle's speed is limited to 70 mph" -ATM's lower back
Atm declared war on ShockBot
Atm got Ratatouille'd by cuda and murdered supergauntlet
ATM got spitroasted by Falafels and Falafels' evil twin, Slefalaf.
atm has a little engine with a propeller on his back, allowing him to fly
atm lives on the roof
ATM just opened his first all you can eat buffet! Hopefully no white hair horse girls show up on opening day.
ATM got mad at a duck today
atm is the deer pissing in all the woods
ATM has a lackey that follows him everywhere, repeating "Remember, thou art gay and cringe".
atm only thinks people are smart if they like chess
ATM is a hammer and every problem he nails
ATM has joined The Rotten Horde :/... NOT!!! [Borat face] :beaming_smile:
ATM thinks Ben drowned is real
ATM is the very model of a modern major general + gay
ATM Queenfister fisted Queen Elizabeth II and that's why she died
the prosecutor called it "child endangerment" but atm prefers to think of it as "child enfunment"
ATM is a legit silly billy fr
ATM smells like dirt
Dark Merth: "You think you can defeat *me*? 10,000 BLADES OF THE DAMNED...UNLEASHED!" || atm: "heh" *turns his back to Dark Merth* "You've learned nothing. Infinite Shitting" || *atm walks away from Dark Merth as a deluge of shit easily destroys Dark Merth's ultimate attack then kills him*
ATM speed runs Twilight Princess without using long jump attack
ATM is using Flex Seal on his ass crack
ATM takes short cat comas every six months
ATM drinks Scrotum Free Pepsi
ATM, watching Scooby-Doo, sees the Hex Girls: "Ruh roh, Raggy. Romething's rappening rin ry rants"
Atm thinks Jesus wrote the old testament
ATM joined the war on pornography on the side of pornography
atm has developed a wheelchair fetish and you'll never believe what triggered it
atm is on that good Bush (HW) and alcohol (hand sanitizer)
ATM ate two pieces of roast duck
Xiaopang snitched on ATM
Atm found and grilled and ate Carmen Sandiego
atm provides his own squeaky bed sounds during sex
Kendrick Lamar dissed ATM so hard he turned into a white dude
ATM's turn signal has cobwebs
atm is a sex object
ATM's favorite French word is "libtard"
ATM remembers every fucking weirdo he met in his life.
ATM calls his morning shits his “Vision Quests”
ATM is a white dude with dreads who knows one Bob Marley song who uses the Rastafari faith as an excuse to smoke weed. I saw him eating a hot dog (real rastas are vegan or I-tal as it's called) and asked him what it was and he was like 😐
ATM is a kawaii positive retard.
atm loves using a ballpeen hammer if you know what i mean
ATM invented death to kill merth
Nerizzler: Fire fire light the fire || Horror movie directors: Black guy black guy kill the black guy || ATM: Err... sludgejob sludgejob give me sludgejob?
The inch is actually based on the length of ATM’s middle toe on his left foot
Stupid cuck alert? ATM only has 154.3 hours played in Elden Ring
ATM lost the 50/50 and got shot
ATM rearranged your guts 😉 (he stole your kidney)
ATM doesn't like you very much
Atm always laughs when animals fall for the most basic traps. Anyway he just saw a lot of art of Jane Doe and downloaded ZZZ
atm caught you slippin
ATM plans all his vacations to visit true crime scenes
atm has a fungal infection in his thrussy
ATM is a legit slumlord
ATM is a legit cumlord
**ATMCORD MAGICAL GIRLS ASSEMBLE!** || *Sailor Merth:* "I calculate the chances of evil winning at 0%" (power: nerd) || *Sailor Nerfgunner:* "I'm just here to grill...some evil!" (power: grilling) || *Sailor Raltia:* "Evil narcan't prevail as long as I'm here!" (power: healing) || *Sailor ATM:* "Time to fuck evil in the ass!" (power: sodomy)
Atm will be fixed in post
ATM turned himself in to The Hague after a controversial vtuber guest appearance
If you lay atm flat in a body of water, he will always turn so his peanits points east
warning: there are some data at the end of atm
ATM wants cybersex to be renamed to Electro-Fuck
ATM utilizes his juicy, fat dumper to get what he wants
ATM has juices secreting from his ass
ATM likes the ample bulges particular to women
atm got piss feet
I am going to break into ATM's home in the middle of the night and jam a syringe with a strong sedative into his neck, then I'm going to bury him alive beneath his kitchen floor. I will also cut off his fingers
Yikes: Biden Just Took Control Of America In A Coup To Become Divine President, Only To Take Off His Mask And Reveal He Was Actually ATM All Along, And Then He Renamed Vagina To Scrunkhole
Atm likes to travel back in time and fuck your great grandma
atm can sense bloodlust
ATM only does designer drugs
Solid ATM infiltrating Shadow Merth Island, in the Fag Archipelago: "Otacon! The nanobots are making me say the n-word! I have to stop Liquid ATM before he activates Metal Deer!" || Revolver Falafels: "You're too late! I'm about to get a sludgejob from the DARPA chief!" || Colonel Cuda Campbell: *Nukes the island from orbit*
For some reason, ATM is grilling a lot of onions after August 28th
ATM's went woke and now goes by AThey/theM
ATM gave up eating ass for lent
ATM assumes every alpaca he meets is Dutch.
ATM's prostate can run doom
ATM is docile in bed
ATM thinks he should be allowed to say midget even though it's a slur cause he thinks it's funny
ATM makes ballsack tea by dipping his unwashed ballsack in lukewarm water
ATM asks people “want some bubble gum?” and takes his balls out of his fly
Atm likes the way your skin feels on his body
atm wants to nurture familial bonds with his step sister but the porn-addled meme-brained collective consciousness of society won't let him
Atm LOOOOOOOOOVES fermented hog semen he's like glug glug glug glug glug slurp slurp
ATM averages 25 N-words a day
ATM is a homophone of gay
atm touched me inappropriately
atm did something nice for Jhonty and filled his home with rats
atm has sexually-transmitted gout
ATM grilled and ate your dad's ass
Atm got rid of all his ACAB shirts and stickers because of gacha
atm doesn't really know what spice does
Atm's pubic lice infection is mostly resolved.
Unfortunately, atm is the best humanity has to offer
Atm drinks motor oil
A T "Really Stinky Cum" M
ATM sells sourdough with started fermenter from his own shit
atm dipped his nutsack in the perpetual stew 43 years ago you can still taste it
atm is cuck
ATM's Skibidi Swag Sauce is lacking
ATM has never met a black person
cashier: "Welcome to Johnny's Suck and Fuck can I take your order?" || atm: "uhhhhhhhhhhhhh can I get a rimmer and uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh a handy combo?" || cashier: "This is a Suck and Fuck, we don't serve those here" || atm: "may I posit for a moment that a rimmer on my distended anus is a kind of suck and if you gently sound my wiener with your fingers it is a kind of fuck? Does this logic make sense to you?" || cashier: "I'm getting the manager" || manager: "HEY! Is that atm again? I told you to get the fuck out of here, go to Larry's Lick and Stroke if you want that shit, this is a Suck and Fuck!" || atm: "typical Suck and Fuck, all emotions and no logic" || manager: "if you ever come back here I'm calling the police"
ATM is challenging Gentildonna to an arm wrestling match. The funeral is next Friday and in lieu of flowers, ATM's family ask for sludge.
ATM has a jew fetish
atm has a pet flounder
ATM invented the skibidi toilet so he could fuck it in the mouth
I'm going to make ATM cum in exactly fifteen minutes.
ATM wants to drink sooooo much... walnut juice!! 🤪🤪🤪
Atm is gonna troll you so hard bro. Get ready
ATM can handle two dwarves at once
ATM is obsessed with dwarves
Brazilian ATM was found dead on a beach in Rio De Janeiro.
Atm is the Overlord of Gaylord, MI
ATM is the reason bagels get cold so fast
ATM is physically unable to lie... down!!! ...Because his butt is too big!!!
ATM went to Brazil and instead of finding Hatsune Miku he got eaten by Fat Ronaldo.
ATM grilled and ate humpty dumpty
ATM is no longer allowed in New Eridu after the Bangboo incident.
ATM oozes personality and charm. And pus.
atm exists in the space between space
ATM renamed Constantinople to Istanbul
ATM worked as a riveter for American Bridge between 1913-1935
ATM is peak!
ATM still reads VGcats to this day.
ATM has prolapsed 12 different body parts
Atm has creamy balls
Atm is a craptivist. He craps on all politicians
ATM has monkey pox!
“Call me Faulkner cuz I’m soundin’ this furry!” -atm, naked and looking in the mirror
ATM is fuckmaxxing every day
ATM taught his Sparkle doll how to say the n word.
ATM blamed Xiaopang for the JFK assassination.
ATM thinks guns should shoot putrid cum instead of bullets
ATM wants to invent piss and cum but unfortunately God already invented those
ATM grilled and ate the pink pony
ATM travels the world in search of intense earthquakes to pleasure himself
ATM's ancient name is "Faggot" meaning Unifier of Nations.
Arabic ATM be like:  || لقد أطلقت الريح وخرج الدم
ATM has a racecar gaming chair 😂
People often think ATM is black after meeting him
ATM is a perfectly normal human worm baby
atm never wears his own skin in public
ATM's usual icebreaker is "Are you woke?"
atm really really really really really really likes you
ATM was used as an excavation disposal site during construction of the Panama Canal
lotta blood coming out of atm right now
*atm speaking at falafels' funeral*: "We may know from which we are born but we know not where we go after we die. We can only hope and pray that our Swedish friend has it all as we lower him into the dirt empire. Please remain silent as we lower his casket into the grave or as he specified in his will, the Earthussy. The band will now play a traditional Swedish song." || *Merth and Nerfgunner begin playing the worst post-hardcore cover of 'Cotton-Eyed Joe' you've ever heard*
ATM's pp is yellow
ATM is attracted to the ants from A Bug's Life. Disturbingly so.
ATM hates the movie Antz so goddamn much
Merth: Fights fire with "kindness" 😇🤮👈🤣 || Phat: Fights fire with fire || ATM: Fights fire with... fermented hog semen using guns!
Atm is a kind of modular synthesizer
"Modern "art" isn't art. Art is [Family Guy] Where's My Money But It's Vocoded to Gangsta's Paradise" || \- ATM
Wild-eyed ATM, in a sepulchral whisper, "Skibidi Merth". But it's already too late.
atm wrote a Bungo Stray Dogs doujin featuring more recent authors like Ernest Hemingway, Cormac McCarthy, Yukio Mishima and Michael Crichton. It was not well received.
atm wants to ascend to a higher plane of existence but the federal aviation administration keeps ghosting him
The ceo of Grindr personally told atm to give up and delete his account
ATM navigates with style and aplomb
ATM does linedance
ATM bought he/him/hole t-shirts for all his homies
ATM thinks some cops are ok, actually
ATM is blasting Cream at his desk
ATM just went on a pilgrimage to Stockholm and discovered 「Brunk」
ATM is a very sexual being
ATM wants a Sir-job from a Sir
ATM (Attack The Moon) likes to have HBS (Hot Butt Sex) with ATBHAD (Anyone That Buys Him A Drink). He avoids contracting STDs (Sexually Transmitted Diseases) by performing RSTMTGHIP (Ritual Sacrifice To Moloch To Gain His Infernal Protection)
ATM stands for Anally Tonguing Moloch
Maxwell's Demon took up residence in ATM's ass
ATM grilled and ate Trump's ketchup covered well-done steak
ATM's COCK smells like raw garlic
ATM is cartoonishly ugly
I like ATM as a friend
Atm can't get his penis-shaped fried potato bites to market because he won't budge on calling them Adolfs
atm put Ajaw in the microwave
ATM is genderfluid, during gender ebb he's your mom and during gender flow he's your best friend's dad
Merth: "why'd you give me a plate with a puddle of vodka on it?" || atm: "they say comedy lives in the wide shot"
The sorting hat put ATM in the FAG house for FAGS
ATM looks like Jensen Ackles
ATM farted at your funeral
Atm has been petitioning for years in order to get a yuru camp special about the use of a camping toilet
atm forgot to turn off his stream and he didn't go viral. his two viewers just politely left
atm forgot to turn off his stream and peed his pants
ATM has a hot date with an ekg tech
ATM is a satanist
ATM screamed "REVELATION" then died.
ATM was cornered by the school bully behind the gym and beat off
ATM got into Project Moon for the lolis
ATM shot and killed glorp.
ATM thinks all ESL subhumans should be shot and killed. Yikes!
ATM has a unique mouth feel
ATM is smoked with pecan wood 12 hours a day, 7 days a week
ATM yells “WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE I AM” whenever he drops a turd in the toilet
ATM likes tentacle porn
atm is addicted to pills, specifically Viagra
ATM was disappointed to learn that his class was not in fact "English as a Sex Language"
There are a lot of downsides to living in a feudal society but atm likes to find pleasure in the little things, literally, as executioner for his lord he sometimes gets to execute a child!
The atm friend club went to Japan and encountered a bunch of ghosts and shit on some creepy mountain but they all survived cuz atm kept trying to get them pregnant and because they are ghosts they are incredibly racist and did not want to have babies that aren’t pure Japanese
If you order the “house-tossed salad” at ATM: The Dinner Theater, a guy that looks like Hugh Laurie gets up on stage and starts rimming a drag queen dressed as Auntie from House (1977)
The CDC was able to link the high rate of male breast cancer in ATM’s hometown to him getting x-ray vision
ATM's girlfriend's husband keeps calling him Allen
"This rat got me acting UNWISE!" - ATM after watching Pinky and the Brain.
ATM took off the foo-foo
ATM has a bumper sticker on his car that says “Cash, Grass, or Used Vtuber Underwear, no one rides for free”
ATM was subject to a citizen's arrest while claiming his double protein reward from Chipotle
ATM thinks racist asian accents are extremely funny
ATM thinks houndstooth is overrated
ATM wants to be on MTV Cribs but he keeps mailing them about "mvt krybz"
ATM likes big breasts because he hates women and wants them to have constant back pain
ATM got isekai'd and used his modern day knowledge to change his name to Big Dave and start a dried cum business called Big Dave's Dried Cum
ATM has S-rank ZR
every medicine ever prescribed to ATM has been a placebo
ATM is under fire again for referring to women with dwarfism as "legal lolis"
ATM stands for Arbeit Macht Frei
ATM was voted “Most Likely to Have A Discord Server Revolving Around Him” in his 1984 middle school yearbook
Atm gives chocolate to his skinhead friends on White Day
It is illegal to be atm
ATM's teeth are naturally flaccid, and get hard when he's hungry
ATM wants to get crunk but he got no juice
ATM would take a death row case in the US any day rather than be subjected to one of your "Bunga Bunga" courts in Italy, or feminized Swede courts. No jury by peers, no double jeopardy protections? No presumption of innocence? Give him freedom court yours are positively 3rd world.
Wall Street stock traders make their decisions on how much morning wood ATM wakes up with.
Merth is only in this server because ATM negged him into joining
ATM is undeservedly rich
ATM wants to change his name to Martin Luther King III for clout
Atm has big cow breast
ATM writes in Tori Spelling for every presidential election thinking he’s voting Tory
ATM is a cute klutz
ATM has mood changing vomit colors
ATM saves everything onto OneDrive
ATM only browses the "new" section of pixiv.
ATM rented a high-rise apartment just so the controller falls farther when he chucks it out the cunting window.
ATM is a pissfuck
*atm going to confession* || atm: "yo father, does this picture of my junk honor god?" || priest: "jesus christ what the fuck is that?" || Jesus: "Yes, my chi- good god what the fuck is that??" || God: "Hey son how's it going?" || Jesus: "Isn't this supposed to be made in your image?" || Satan, entering in a faggy manner: "howdy howdy boys~ how's it going? Holy shit what it wrong with that penis??" || priest: "oh jeez, all this stuff is real?" || *jesus and satan start sucking each other off in the corner while God jacks off*
ATM uses a CPT cone for sounding
UH OH! ATM shit his diaper again!
Atm: The Musical was widely panned because half the songs are atm making dubstep sounds with his mouth and the other half are about race science
Atm made a dating app where you’re only allowed to match with him
If ATM doesn't fuck Gragas from League of Legends before thursday the acidic juice will remove his foreskin
"Wow these guys are fucking weird" -ATM, a man who has a bunch of other weirdos write facts about his weird ass, on Donald Trump and JD Vance
ATM’s farts can be used for echolocation
ATM's wife regained her memories then left him.
atm forgot he was evading taxes and paid them on accident
ATM hides in his crawlspace during thunderstorms
Good news: ATM hasn't said "finna pog inside" to his gf in months. || Bad news: Instead, he's been saying "I'm gonna sludge".
atm wants to fuck a guy named gunther
"That thing must be all beef because you're a Hebrew National" -atm, hitting on a Jewish man
Atm: The Talk Show had a realistic depiction of an ape attack
atm: "How do you get rid of a pile of dead babies? || merth: "Dude are you seriously still doing dead baby jokes? You're like 35!" || atm: "No this isn't a joke my Vtuber Abortion Clinic is real and very busy" || *nerfgunner running by with a wheelbarrow*: "yo atm you need to get back inside now, Jhonty spent the weekend with Kiara and its like a school bus in there"
ATM issued an apology video done entirely in sing-song with a ukelele
Most of ATM’s sexual fantasies involve actresses that were popular from 1999-2006
ATM quit his job to focus full-time on studying backrooms lore
ATM thinks jews should get their own skin color instead of using white
ATM’s primary mode of transportation is double clawshot
ATM actually knows what the outhouse door of a tuna boat smells like
ATM thinks CRT stands for Cock and Rectum Torture
ATM wants to be a useless lesbian, but unfortunately for him, he is extremely useful
ATM accidentally spilled a bunch of marinara sauce into a swimming pool and called it Chicago style pizza
despite his high mileage, atm still offers a pleasant ride
The year ATM met phat, for phat's birthday, to show his sincerity as a white ally, ATM commissioned 1500 dollars' worth of Queen of Spades porn starring phat himself and phat's favorite yuri anime characters
ATM is pale and clammy
ATM just wanted a Pepsi, and his mom wouldn't give him one
Cuda and supergauntlet hate fucked and had an equally hateful baby, and that baby is ATM
ATM is all highway miles
ATM kidnaps USPS letter carriers to eventually collect their pensions.
ATM opened a roadside onion ring stand in Walla Walla Washington
atm acts so lofty as if he shits marble
atm adds （性的な意味で） to the end of all of his tweets
ATM started a local mechanical keyboard club called “QWERTY Quties”
ATM is afraid of women
ATM would fuck a Gardevoir
atm is scumbag
Atm gave merth a blowjob
for a limited time, atm is giving "atm fact themed handjobs!" Try your luck today!
Atm does so much stupid shit
ATM uses AI generated sculptures to scam cities out of arts grants
atm carries a lot of props around in case he needs them for timely gags
ATM grilled and ate the baby hippo.
ATM is feuding with his boyfriend ALF after ATM threatened to vote for Donald Trump while in an argument about ALF's cat eating habits
ATM likes mudkipz
atm snorts tic tacs he bought online thinking it was ozempic
ATM engaged in intercourse with your spouse or significant other
My bazongas got squozed by atm
ATM crawls like a viper through these suburban streets before drinking scotch whiskey all night long, and dying behind the wheel
Due to eating all the food in the school cafeteria every day, leaving nothing to the children, ATM has become morbidly obese
ATM has been busting for four hours straight
ATM is the gaucho amigo
ATM grilled and ate glorp
Shigure Ui has shot and killed ATM.
ATM taught Larry The Cable Guy how to do his southern accent
ATM taught Larry the Cable Guy the wonders of satellite TV
Atm has eyeballs.
ATM's a homo || ATM's a queer || ATM's a furry || A gay space deer
ATM has a yellowed SNES 🤢
ATM puts analog horror in his asshole
ATM will never laugh again.
ATM laughs if you tickle him
ATM got pretendicitis and needed to have his pretendix removed
atm proudly posts #FatCockFriday pics every week (all of his chickens are morbidly obese)
ATM draws triangles with a compass
with some facts atm is just straight up vagueposting
atm spent the entirety of his salad days as a vegan
atm thinks "lemme teach your smol fiddle bean a fiddle lesson" is a good pickup line
ATM has done every Wordle
ATM got that glizzy juice on crunk
ATM can crack his dick like a whip
Elvis: We're caught in a trap || *atm walking by with his "girlfriend"*: Yeah buddy I've been there too *limps off while making a clanking noise because a coyote trap is stuck to his foot* || *atm's "girlfriend" thinking*: Today we have officially been together long enough to be common-law married 😍
atm made Saw traps for all his friends to help them with their psychological and sexual hang-ups and honestly most of these traps are just really insulting and annoying.
atm: nobody wants to see how the sausage is made || nerfgunner: ok but why didn't merth come to the cookout?
ATM's Honkai OC, September 11th, was not well received by the fandom.
If ATM messages you via his "battle-handle", "Xx_impr8gnat0r_xX", you need to get out of the house.
Atm has a merth daki and its been in contact with at least 6 different bodily fluids in the past week
ATM didn't see you there
O shit whaddup! Atm grilled and ate dat boi
atm joined an Asian street gang
Low IQ douche: It's  || Winnie the Pooh in a suit: It is || Spacelord ATM: Fribaleam
atm has no friends, yet, paradoxically, he has lots of friends of friends
ATM is the tooth fairy. He eats the teeth
"Lots of wasted space" - ATM looking at Ronald Reagan's grave
atm used to date a shapeshifter but it didn't work out as they kept begging atm to "stop asking for obama sex"
ATM hates cops and AI but loves when cops use AI
atm believes induction is as reliable as a chocolate teapot
atm is anti-choice because "there are constructive set theories based on ZF that you can use to construct your choice function, rather than relying on it axiomatically"
"What if we made a semitic Pokemon?" - ATM consulting with Gamefreak on the Pokemon that would become Nosepass
ATM deported Brazilian Miku
ATM talks like an annoying twitter child
ATM put udon in his asshole (sexually)
ATM has 4000 reddit accounts
*atm looking at Honkai porn*: “man I wish I had 10,000 Fireflies”
Atm believes planet merth turns slowly because that’s how you seal in the juices when roasting him over a fire
For the right price, ATM will jack a guy, off a guy, or jackoff a guy.
atm loves choking the pope (euphemism)
ATM wants to cry at the Video Game Industry’s Overblown Attempts At Messaging Or Imposing Morals On Gamers
ATM is surprising his boyfriend Alf with a destination vacation to Springfield, Ohio
ATM has submitted his “ANY% TOILET CLOG SPEED RUN (WIPELESS, NO LAXATIVE)” to every GDQ since its inception
Atm walked into a church and all the Jesus’ climbed off their crosses and start beating him up
Love is a two-way street and atm is driving drunk on the wrong side of it
Atm spells cigarette with an N
ATM just started jacking off. I told him not to and that it's sexual harassment but he just kept going. Then he pulled his pants down and squatted and shit on the floor, then he came on the shit, then he took a photo and sent the photo to all his friends even though they clearly didn't want to see that
I tortured ATM to death with guns and he was reborn as a gyaru
ATM wrote a self-help book for blacks
ATM can solve mazes faster than anyone alive
ATM thinks chord progression matters
ATM is a nasty little goblin
ATM wants to fuck a black person whose fake name is phatboisteez and whose real name is Fermentage Dave but unfortunately for ATM while he knows a guy with the fake name phatboisteez that person's real name isn't Fermentage Dave so yeah
ATM cut merth's legs off
Biden shat on atm's desk
ATM is a concrete mixologist
Atm put Kermit in the microwave
Atm grilled and ate Ms. Piggy
ATM’s skull makes a satisfying noise if you hit it with a shovel
ATM corralled all the muppets into a CO2 pit
atm plays left wheel in his street performance band
ATM uses vise lock pliers to crimp his urethra shut after pissing
atm is a chicken dentist
ATM got that butthole dentata
What ATM lacks in swag, he makes up for in class!
Let's just say jher will need to wear a butt plug from now on after what ATM's gonna do to him 😉 || (This fact contains antiquated views on orifice elasticity)
ATM starts all parties with Ice Thickeners instead of ice breakers
ATM can feel oncoming inclement weather by the way his butt begins to ache
ATM huffs freon
atm is good news and a truthteller!
ATM is bad news and a liar
ATM used the carcass of a vulture to get rescued from being stuck on top of a TV Broadcast Tower. He won’t tell you how though
When Jesus was writing the Bible, he considered adding a Book of ATM, which would have contained the first ATM facts.
ATM hosts a website listing the number of N-words in songs
atm is suffering from success
ATM is: Going to fuck you to death
ATM has 60 seconds of invincibility after cumming.
Don't talk to atm until he's guzzled his nut milk
ATM wants to give you a Sinsinatti Sexpie
If having niggling doubts was a superpower, ATM would be The Niggler
ATM has 60 seconds of indivisibility after shitting
ATM has 60 seconds of invisibility after pissing
When he's not indoctrinating our children with Critical Race Theory, ATM moonlights as Missouri's #1 naked barber
atm entering the boss room with his pants stained with shit, piss, and cum (he triggered a 2-minute unskippable cutscene)
ATM has no hair and no pronouns
ATM is a mathematical inevitability
atm is cocksleeve
ATM's Amazon order of over 1,000 bottles of baby oil still hasn't arrived
ATM and Merth's first date was at the Christian science Reading room in Brunswick Maine
ATM gets seductive and slutty when he starts ovulating.
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_things_ATM_likes> be like: || • Piss || • Cum || • Etc., || 😂
atm lives in the amazon warehouse
ATM's beard role model is Asmongold
ATM currently has an erection!
Oh no! ATM is trapped in a cabin in the woods with the evil cackling witch Elira Pendora! Oh no! She's using her long nails to tear off his skin and eat it! He's in excruciating pain!
ATM is a femcel
ATM grilled and ate a poopy butthole
ATM was the inspiration for Jethro Tull's 'Aqualung'
atm grilled and ate Moo Deng
ATM tricked cuda into registering as a republican
ATM married cuda and they both moved to Ohio, though they honeymooned in international waters
ATM excited his local military base by telling them he was bringing them a Barracks Bunny but got a lukewarm reception when he brought them a rabbit from the pet store
ATM appeared in 43 episodes of Bonanza
Atm yucked my yums
There is often a sharp disparity between ATM's tone and what he says. Pretty weird, considering the smooth curve his balls draw.
ATM is a Donbass gyaru
atm has a vivid emojination
ATM is on a list (List of guys who are fags)
ATM claims to be a loli but he's actually a 5'3'' grifter
ATM's favorite subreddit is /r/cum
ATM's favorite website is cum.com
ATM teaches guys to slurp they own hog
ATM is so reddit
"COCKS!!!!! 😍😍😍" - ATM
ATM is a lizardman
ATM is "like that"
ATM hogs the bathroom in the morning
If you shake atm, you can hear his organs rattling around
atm has a carnivorous asshole
ATM's will states his final jumpit video will be him being catapulted over the crowd at his funeral and into his grave
ATM ate all of Merth's skin
ATM is able to comprehend man-made horrors just fine
ATM cleans the bathrooms at buc-ee's
ATM earned and deserves his seat on the Blackrock Board of Directors
Merth: "Ora Ora get pregnant" || Nerfgunner: "Iyaa~n" || Cuda: "You're pregnant" || ATM: "and that's how I was born"
ATM is a certified Guy™
ATM does NOT use his bidet for its intended purpose
ATM loves sludge so I put sludge in his drinking water
ATM can do the dance from Coyote Ugly
ATM wanted handmade jute clothing for his birthday, but his mom got him a dead black person instead. Talk about awkward!
ATM is mega sus. I bet he's a crimer
atm isn't allowed near kids because he sees anything under 4' tall as food
Atm's brown pants were white when he bought them
The Chicago White Sox are gonna have to change their name to the Chicago Crusty Smelly Sox after atm's done with them
ATM's erections last longer than the Confederacy
ATM watches “Bone Tomahawk” during all his first dates
ATM puts his vinegar forward even in public
ATM is his own reincarnation
ATM owes Vin Diesel a 10 second car
Atm won't tell anyone where he hid the bodies.
atm took me down to "paradise city" where the grass was an uncomfortable shade of green and the girls were, well, I'm pretty sure the girls were nerf and merth wearing wigs
Atm: The Daycare has a smoking section
ATM was a QA tester for Sonic ‘06
ATM was way too freaky for Diddy.
ATM's cumsock went no contact
ATM had an annual average temperature of 12 degrees Celsius
atm is the wurst brat on the whole discord, he keeps talking about fucking sausage
atm intends to go to la republica because he is a communist
ATM REALLY hates Mococo.
ATM pours his milk in before his tea
ATM thinks One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish is peak literature
ATM is no longer allowed in the morgue (he used the bodies for his TTRPG sessions)
atm has repeatedly been warned not to let the bodies hit the floor
ATM can be taught every HM
ATM didn't kill the younglings
ATM gets mad clussy
ATM still doesn’t understand how to actually choke up on a baseball bat and slobs all over that Louisville slugger knob
ATM is RIZZING GIRLS As A OP BIRD In Roblox BIRD FAMILY!
ATM only attends Male Only movie showings
ATM griefed Merth's anus
ATM is sexy
ATM is hiring a human bidet!
Atm finally made falafels employable
ATM has greasy pubes
ATM is a big steppa
Mori Calliope wrote a song about how ATM is stupid and has no swag
atm might be waiting for you at the end of the world (no promises)
ATM is Asmongold
ATM’s Looney Tunes Drag Name is Faghorn Leghoe
ATM’s height varies 2.37” per day due to the sun’s gravity
ATM is a ||fag||
ATM tears up any classwork that uses pronouns
atm engages in clandestine activities
ATM took 0.5kg of vitamin c rectally
ATM has a smaller auxillary penis attached to his primary penis
Atm: “guess who stole all of merth’s insulin!” || Nerfgunner: “I didn’t know merth has diabetes” || Atm: “he doesn’t!”
atm got isekai'd to New Eridu as a bangboo and became Prostituteboo, the Boo you can Bang!
ATM speaks street.
ATM killed every member of this server and used them as sacrifices to summon a harem of big-breasted women
ATM likes 'em big (breasts)
ATM stole merth's ass
ATM kidnapped and tortured Mark Ruffalo until he agreed to change his name to Mark Hogsemenalo
Bless Up! God Just Bestowed Huge Titties Upon ATM
ATM is going to stab merth every day until he changes his name to Shaun the Hog Semen Guy
ATM gets out of bed by clipping through his sheets
ATM can cum from having his nipples teased
ATM is obsessed with people changing their names to stupid things
ATM is obsessed with phat
ATM wants phat so bad
ATM made up 27 of the original members of AKB48.
ATM's Missouri based idol project, STL48, ended in disaster when all the members overdosed on fentanyl.
ATM thinks Beastlord Thundersir is cooler than Dave the Dwarf
ATM is going to kill you illegal style
ATM refuses to play any game where the engine was not made from scratch
ATM went to India for some zombie hunting.
atm is addicted to 100 jpy trash booze
ATM is powder coated human flesh color
ATM was kicked out of the farmers' market for his "double-laid" large brown eggs
ATM fucking hates Don Cheadle
atm's sex playlist is just takyon on loop
ATM is straight up jorkin it
ATM shot Moo Deng.
ATM sings along to rap songs by replacing the N word with the word "fella"
ATM is being indicted for Pokémon Cruelty not for battling them but for breeding a Skitty with a Wailord
atm never saw saw but he did see saw six
Atm borrowed merth’s guitar to show him a “sick” technique he learned that produced a “nasty” sound and really it’s on merth for not guessing atm meant that literally before he vomited into the guitar hole
Atm inaugurated the poop corner of the gremlin shoebox
Atm wants a hot dog
ATM killed his bitch ex-wife
Atm grilled and ate Mr. Krabs
ATM is also known as the man-ass menace
You think ATM loves you? You are nothing but a cocksleeve to him. A cumdump. A tool to be used until it breaks, then thrown away... or so merth told ATM's gf.
ATM was elected to the baseball hall of fame for all the money he made betting during the steroid era
ATM is known in Detroit as the Mayonnaise Menace
ATM currently has an erection after reading the fact three places before this one.
ATM's balls make a vine boom sound effect when he cums
ATM smells like blood
ATM thinks Fuwamoco's pronouns are they/them
ATM wrote 95 theses and nailed them to merth's asshole
Two truths and a lie! || - ATM is in love with merth || - ATM just stapled his asshole shut || - ATM is going to staple merth's asshole shut
atm is getting sued by disney for starting an indie vtuber channel
ATM started an N-word VPN service where a black person will follow you around saying the N-word for you
The third Tuesday in October is ATM day in Le Mars Iowa
ATM got “touch grass” added to the Webster Dictionary
ATM had a hard time explaining this discord to his therapist
atm can become chibi for silly effect
ATM's oshi is Inugami Korone.
I am going to steal ATM's skin!
Phat just announced a new manga about ATM titled Homoiro Days
Merth - "Look, it's like Clint Eastwood said, 'Rhythm, you have it or you don't/That's a fallacy'." || ATM - "I'll give you a phallus you can see, pedal boy." || Phat - "I doubt that, *gwailou*." || ATM - <:bigsad:918618315797184513>
ATM is a numbermonkey
Guano? Don't mind if I do! -below a blurred out photo in ATMs yearbook
"Hey guys, check out my 3TB Burnice folder" - ATM showing you a bunch of pictures of pigeons
ATM won a depression era dance marathon
ATM’s birth certificate was hand-written on the back of a Walmart receipt for 2 cases of Busch Lite and a gun
whenever atm sees a minority involved in classical arts, he always thinks to himself "I wonder how that happened"
ATM got a Hawk Tuah tattoo to cover up his giant back tat from the Satyrs Motorcycle Club
ATM was at the Waco Twin Peaks on May 17, 2015
atm loves minigirls (fetish)
atm has an athletic body (esports)
"Blacked Hawk (Tuah) Down" received mostly positive reviews, especially the scene wherein Sergeant First Class ATM defends the crash site with nothing but his erect penis.
ATM grilled and ate Henrietta Lacks.
By the smell of atm, his pants have been shat in real good
ATM’s heart will go on but the rest of him is still in that motel room
ATM unalived supergauntlet
Atm invented the “onion ring dog” which is a ring-shaped hotdog that’s wrapped in onion then deep fried
Boofing jenkem made ATM the man he is today
ATM wrote, then deleted the script for *Jesus Christ Trigonal Planar*. It's now lost to time, as is the delicious Frinkie.
ATM paid Maggie to shoot Mr Burns for him
Everything ATM says in this server is legally considered Discord Puffery
ATM keeps calling his mom a "MILF"
ATM was a first call direct to tape studio engineer in the 80s
ATM has an MMA fighter’s physique
ATM's OTP is a busted ass crackship
ATM killed merth, got a fat load of EXP, leveled up, and evolved into a sassy black woman named Darnice!
"Wanna know how I got these scars?" ATM, pointing at his dick
Atm's owns a daycare that hires inmates from the prison atm also owns to take care of the kids. Today the kids are learning cooking and the metric system!
merth: "hey man I don't think our bluegrass songs need a rap verse in the middle" || atm: "Everyone loves it when the Gorillaz do it!" || nerfgunner: "Also I don't think you can be saying some of those things" || atm: "Crackers always trying to keep a nigga down, I'm going back to the trap to cook some weed and sling eights" || nerfgunner: "See? You're not even using those words right! And you definitely can't say that!"
ATM shitted
ATM is not conductive to a good work environment
ATM gets Kazuha, Kuzuha, and Kasuza mixed up all the time
ATM came before the chicken and he's very embarrassed by it.
ATM oils his softwood
atm's used to have softwood floor before he took his shoes and socks off
ATM always has hardwood wherever he lives
ATM is a soupless bitch
ATM still wears his SRS subreddit t-shirt
ATM took Biggie's song "You're nobody until somebody kills you" as a challenge
ATM is currently sitting in the cuckstoel
atm's nickname is "The Leafblower" after a certain night in a hockey locker room
ATM taught the chimpanzees at the local zoo to be homophobic
ATM is a "cool beauty"-type
atm doesn't even know the meaning of the word
Transvestigators are close to finally proving that ATM is a man
Atm is a masculinomenon
ATM specializes in plapiative care
ATM’s tears smell like fresh baked cinnamon rolls, but taste like herbicides
atm is workshopping new catchphrases and wants your feedback on "frrpppppllll plop, shit on that thang"
atm took a lot of drugs from merth's mystery drug box then went in the humming chamber to meet his past selves and wouldn't you know he hated all of them and they all hated each other
atm is a dark empath
ATM force feeds himself mayo and mustard everyday in an attempt to become, in his own words, “the most deviled egg”
ATM will tell you your fortune with his 8 ball for 20 dollars (he'll snort it then tell you whatever coke hallucination comes to him)
ATM wants to crank it hog style
ATM is ashamed of merth
atm never breaks eye contact with his dentist
atm is corpse guy
Kids don’t come to ATM’s house on Halloween since the year that he chose “trick” and showed kids really lame card tricks
ATM wants a classjob from a Sir
atm will tell anyone willing to listen about how drinking one's own piss will reduce the risk of kidney stones but that's just a grift to get cute girls to drink their own piss
ATM is not fit to be a mother
ATM's dream of finally having a nuclear family was finally realized after he achieved cold fusion on his firstborn
ATM's favorite reward is the snack left over in the sink trap after doing dishes.
The communist death toll is so high because we count ATM's kill sprees.
ATM has a rule where he must buy at least as much jewelry for his girlfriend as he does for his horse.
ATM is shorter than Dream Journey.
ATM only wears jeans soaking wet
ATM died jumping for the beef RIP 😔
ATM's a basehead. He's addicted to calling everything based.
ATM really shot himself in the foot by shooting himself in the foot with a gun
ATM's new rapper name is Massa Malicious
ATM was the on set intimacy coordinator for Jar Jar Binks
ATM's motives are always impure
ATM does the Suzumiya dance by himself at anime conventions
ATM payed for some questionable bussy with an even more questionable $30 bill
ATM fought for your right to party. He was subsequently maced and doused with the firehose.
ATM has a smelly cock (it's musky and manly)
ATM wrote Queen Cunty about Margaret Thatcher, but sold it to Kendrick Lamar
The only sports ATM does is sporting a boner
ATM poopensharten op de cuckstoel
atm is a bit odd but he's trying to get even
ATM most recent invention: compostable nipple clamps
atm is a big proponent of "what doesn't kill you makes you stronger" and has been training a super soldier in his basement for the past 20 years
Atm washes his hair in the ejaculate of the homeless
ATM likes big butts in his face
ATM is omega fuckable
atm went to couples' therapy because he feels like he hasn't cranked it to one of his waifus enough recently
ATM bangs a lot of jews
ATM wants a coinjob from a jew
ATM wants an AI slop-job from a tech bro
atm's favorite band is effervescence
Atm thinks lethal company is about hanging out with him after he ate beans
ATM inspired the Flukeman from The X Files
Atm is the ceo of Shoeless PaySource, a foot fetish oriented talent company
ATM ALWAYS gets service despite never wearing a shirt or shoes
ATM's favorite time of the week when he was in high school was being in the locker room after gym class
Forget boysmell or girlstink, atm is all about deermusk
ATM dinner is like girl dinner except it’s all peanut shells and expired beef jerky
ATM's hips got him banned from twitch. Not because they were exposed, but because they lied.
ATM is twice as tall as merth
ATM bots his streams, he actually has 0 viewers
ATM got the Covid jab, and it made him sterile. Also, complications caused by exposure to 5G anti-patriot attacks left him with turbo cancer and a club foot.
A racehorse pisses like ATM
ATM has a pouch like a kangaroo.
ATM is a DEI hire on his own server
ATM stores milk in the fleshy parts of his palms
ATM can't get a kumbaya
On their 1st anniversary, ATM made pagpag for his gf
ATM mostly eats detritus
Atm runs a retirement home for twinks where he cares for then humanely euthanizes twinks at the end of their lives (over the age of 23)
Atm was happy when Epstein died and he could rename his quick-shipping lolita fashion business from “Very Fast Loli To Your Door”
ATM is punipuni
ATM’s sweat glands can produce Lysergic Acid as a defense mechanism when threatened.
Atm got isekai’d into the last game he played which unfortunately for him was a fighting game
ATM plays French horn in an evil Ska band
ATM's first day of teaching was the inspiration for Battle Royale
ATM never collates his prints
atm constantly uses japanese calques such as "to make one say "gyafun" or "chanting the nembutsu into a horse's ear"
atm constantly uses japanese calques such as "!!!! 😭😭😭😭"
Atm strokes his sword while lamenting the social realities
ATM’s eyes act like a trackpad for his brain
ATM undercooked bear meat in North Caroline leading to a Trichinellosis outbreak
ATM had to replace his class's pet gerbil again
The whip crack effect in Rush's *YYZ* is a recording of ATM's booty cheeks clapping
ATM could've pooped, but there was no one in the other stalls. He decided to come back later when he'd have an audience.
ATM spent a summer acting out the Ministry of Silly Walks sketch from Monty Python
ATM came HARD AS FUCK when the 30000th ATM Fact was posted
ATM is skinny despite being a glutton because all the fat goes to his boobs
ATM starts race discourse over splatoon fan art
A✞M gave Sumerth the day off and decided to make everybody cheeseburgers. Ho-hoo!
ATM thought Uma Thurman was a horse.
ATM thinks a woman who kisses on the very first date is usually a hussy.
ATM: I just hit silver rank in Deadlock! || Me: List of guys who care || ATM: ?? || Me: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_guys_who_care> || ATM: ???????????????????? || Me: I'm not on it || ATM: I am going to beat you so much
ATM wants to fuck a warframe
ATM didn't ask Santa for much this year. Just the Darth Vader Mr. Potato Head, and an hour of intense frotting with his favorite server member.
ATM is hungry. What's for dinner?
ATM contracted rabies from one of the skunks he caught while in an effort to paint them all black
I'm beginning to get a little concerned about how often atm says "carbon-based lifeforms" instead of "people"
The atm 2024 presidential platform: || -ban women's deodorant || -ban  women's razors || -ban sleeves for women || -fewer Mormons || -add estrogen to the water supply || -make chemtrails real || -mandatory baseball
ATM received his private karate black belt after mastering the kata that results in climax
ATM got drunk from whiskey bonbons and kissed merth
ATM can identify how big your ass is and what clothes you're wearing from your farts.
Contrary to popular belief, Archimedes said “Give me a fulcrum on which to place my lever, and I shall move the world.” Because he had ATM’s dick
Atm: The Game Studio released its first game, Vtuber OB/GYN Simulator!
"<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_guys>? You ain't on it!!" || \- ATM being supportive to transwomen
atm uses ∘ instead of o when talking
ATM is still upset that Aoba from New Game! didn't end up being voiced by Ozawa Ari
ATM wants to put his conk in your donk
Merth the Bard: "Ok everyone, these two demons up ahead can sense your deepest fears and desires and use them against you so be careful" || The Twin Demons: "A new party of young adventurers wishes to challenge us? Take this!" *they both begin casting* || Merth the Bard: "Oh my God its a guitar with a pussy! I can finally fuck a guitar!" || Nerfgunner the Archer: "Nooooooo every one of these Limp Bizkit CDs is scratched!" || Phat the Paladin: "Woe be upon me, I have been turned into a white woman, this is definitely a fear not a desire" *immediately starts looking for HR jobs on Dungeon LinkedIn* || Atm the Mage: "Why didn't I get anything? Is it because I have shed fear and desire from my heart and live in perfect harmony?" || The Twin Demons: "Your greatest fear is too stupid to be scary and your greatest desire is super gross even by our standards just...just get the fuck out of here ugh" || Merth the Bard: "Can I keep the guitar?"
behind every atm, there is a smaller and faster atm! Here's a hammer, see how long you can last
for Kinktober, atm is posting about all his kinks on main. It started to get weird and uncomfortable on the 3rd day
atm projects an air of farts in the elevator
atm's students like to play a game called "ambush the teacher and beat him with baseball bats"
ATM will be streaming Black Souls on <https://twitch.tv/AttackTheMoon> at 9 PM tonight!
ATM wants to TIL about Sirs but the woke marxists at his school censored all the classy books
ATM's favorite pokemon after the massive leak on October 13th 2024 is Typhlosion
ATM is working on an invention that fucking murders people who Reply All to mass emails
Them: "Video game music isn't art and is stupid" || ATM, an intellectual: *listens to Dawn of a New Time on the Battlefield 1 soundtrack on repeat for 18 hours*
Atm signed up for “bartending” classes thinking it was a typo but realized his mistake when Sideshow Bob walked in
ATM is not a real one due to his lack of knowledge for  "deep pizza lore"
ATM has been banned from every swingers club within a 150 mile radius for hanging out and offering reach-arounds to couples
ATM’s center of gravity is always at least 15 feet below ground. ATM cannot be pushed over
ATM spends his Sunday mornings cutting grass with a sword to find Rupees
I sold ATM mirage and he tore it to shreds.
ATM is inherently uncomfy
ATM doesn't take orders from anyone, and that's why you find him so dangerous
ATM is shy and awkward
Just as every kiss begins with Kay, every ass-to-mouth begins with ATM.
Atm was a little confused on protocol and jerked off his massage therapist
Atm bought real estate in Japan and runs a timeshare he markets to vtubers. He will rent a room 500 yen a night if they let him handle the laundry.
Atm finally got a well-paying managerial job with the military’s new mecha pilot program! Finally he won’t have to deal with teenagers anymore!
ATM named his dick “Stonks” because it’s always going up
it took atm's dm seven game sessions before they realized his "three kobolds in a trench coat" character had been doing a weekend at bernie's all along
ATM's car has an Annihilation Sirs bumper sticker
ATM has a ska band called “N-Word manifesto”
ATM’s gave humanity fire because he wanted to make some s’mores
Merth (loser): So this is what it's like... when doves cry || ATM (disappointingly mid): *when animals bust they tear hog || Phat (cool): *when 🌿🌿[FAUNAS WEEP](<https://youtu.be/oGe_-UNTWgY?si=24GM_brVGS-jkhvT>)🌿🌿 😎 😎 😎
learn more about atm's hawkish sentiment towards the second amendment by googling "atm hawk 2A"
ATM is woke these days
Atm secretly loves the moon
Atm invented racial slurs
ATM is a man with an erection and a plan
ATM is coming out with his own lunchables knock off that's just a slice of bread, a cheese slice single, and some water. He's marketing it as "better than Lunchly"
ATM installed slurs into the Bangboo language module, you will not believe what Sharkboo has to say about the Guyanese!
ATM was cursed with having to perform every part of the opera “Carmen” before anytime he wants to sleep
Atm is currently suffering from crotchy the rot
ATM loves a good OG (Olive Garden)
Atm has a terrible corn addiction
Atm thinks "Black don't crack" is a anti-drug PSA
ATM only listens to Fake Type's electro swing rap slop.
ATM formed a band with his students called “Pubix Cube”
Thanks to atm getting freaky with the ice cream machine, we now have a new health and safety video training
Atm was there when you were conceived
ATM will be there when you die. Not to guide you or anything, he just likes to watch.
ATM went to the Circus Circus casino hoping to score some clussy
ATM is for sex
ATM "entertained" several old biddies on World Menopause Day this year
atm's snake ran away
ATM is PRINTING money with his new idea (a counterfeit currency ring)
Atm is “commuting with the spirits.” Thats not a typo, he’s drinking a bottle of whiskey while driving to work
ATM walked out of Play It with the Alf DVD boxset crammed up his ass
ATM: The Lawn Care Service exclusively advertises on porn websites
atm is taking a tolerance break from interracial cuck porn
ATM (during sex): "I'm gonna sludge"
"Man I love watching Shota" -atm, talking about baseball
"Not a big fan of that Kike, he's not very loyal and seems to be all about the money" -atm, once again talking about baseball
atm has nicknamed his ass "the frame of reference"
ATM has a giant horse penis that he stole from Merth who took it from a dead horse
ATM's new catchphrase is "Hang, retard!"
I saw atm's penis last night
ATM posts Fauna anti threads on /vt/
atm's chimney cleaning service, Attack The Flue, proudly keeps traditions alive by employing children
Atm has a show on local public access called "The Horse Shouter" where he goes to farms and yells at the horses
ATM is neutrally buoyant in all fluids
Atm failed out of Arizona State University
ATM has earned the title "Nipple Tweaker"!
ATM got Hitler on the dictator personality test!
ATM was an invited guest speaker at the 2025 AVN awards with his talk “big mommy milkers and you, suckling everything you can get out of life”
ATM is a fruit-pilled peachcel
ATM's favourite British "food" is the Smack Barm Pey Wet at Barnacle Bill's
ATM grilled and ate Stamp Guy
ATM Dissolves in the presence of argon
ATM does sex role play as a Vulcan. “My logic says your asshole is welcoming”
Atm keeps muttering about “a death note for ass”
ATM is very self-effacing, if you know what I mean.
ATM is a cop killer
ATM is a kink dispenser
ATM got banned from the saloon for saying "Read 'em and kill yourself!" too much
atm is a fag
ATM's mom's boyfriend, Horsecock Dave, who sells broiled horsecocks down at the race track, pressured ATM into not getting into the horsecock street food business cause he was afraid ATM would outcompete him with his low prices that he can afford because of his supply line (stealing horsecocks from merth)
ATM is smarter than he looks
ATM wants a girl with a smooth liquidation, he wants a girl with good dividends.
*Space atm trying to figure out which of his crewmates isn't the shapeshifting alien*: "Alright tell me something about yourself so I can know its you!" || Science Officer Merth: "I love Taylor Swift" || Space Chef Nerfgunner: "I am more than just numetal and hotdogs" || Pilot Phat: "I really just want to marry a brunette white woman and get a golden retriever and live in the suburbs" || Mechanic Cuda: "I prefer pale women with huge breasts" || Sex Robot Falafels: "Frunka scrunka" || . || . || . || Space atm: "I genuinely have no idea, I do not pay attention to any of you people" *opens airlock and kills everyone*
atm had the runs and forgot to flush
The classic "Broly Culo" meme is actually a trace of ATM in the pose.
Crackers like atm
ATM can never pronounce “Anisotropy” correctly the first time”
ATM is a Russian ASSet
ATM is gay and also gay
ATM has child bearing calves
ATM thinks Hunter-Gatherers are fans of Hunter x Hunter
ATM has fuckable knees
ATM was Wile E. Coyote’s understudy
ATM is a tremulant
ATM isn't wearing any panties
ATM misunderstood the purpose of the Dyson Ball Vacuum and wound up in the hospital
ATM shit in the hotel pool again
ATM votes for “TITS” as a write in for every presidential election
ATM is literally a gaming racist
ATM wants headpats
ATM has every NPM package installed
ATM flew to Ohio just to blast a Mount Saint Helens shart in the middle of Merth's open mic set.
ATM steals jobs from black people
ATM flew to Ohio just so he can leave and say he got the fuck out of Ohio
Atm circles all the Waldos in his Where's Waldo books.
ATM can take off a Honda crank bolt with a 4 inch ratchet
atm wears fingerless gloves, toeless socks, and circumcised condoms
ATM has to wear a school swimsuit to work these days because his students are so woke
ATM beat off a bunch of American men to get a movie role
ATM thinks Hamlet is a Nier Automata reference.
ATM thinks Hamlet are little ham sandwiches.
ATM likes natural booty smell. He doesn't want to smell Dove. He wants to smell ass.
atm thinks yaoi means "yama nashi, ochi nashi, imi nashi"
atm thinks yaoi means "yamete, oshiri ga itai"
atm thinks yuri is a slavic masculine form of the given name george
atm thinks your mom means business when she shows up at his place late at night
ATM convinced George Lucas to have the London Philharmonic record the Star Wars soundtrack because ATM didn’t want to support union Hollywood musicians
Please interface with ATM through the DMA(direct mammary access) controller for lowest latency.
Most guys: Hey can I get a **normal sludgejob**? || ATM: Hey, can I get an ***armpit sludgejob***?
atm got banned from the local playground for generally bringing down the vibe and also getting stuck in the slide
ATM is the midwestern chapter president of the MILF Appreciation Society
ATM and merth are dating but they're keeping it a secret because they're cheating on their respective girlfriends
ATM is only dating merth for his body
ATM's nickname for merth is "meat boy"
ATM fragged his LT back in ‘Nam
atm has a gift shop in his home and it sells a shirt that says "I fisted atm and all I got was a turd" and it comes with a little poop in a jar
ATM thinks standardized tests give the students too much time. He was able to eat the entire SAT in under a minute.
ATM is autistic!
ATM is faster than buildings and can jump over bullets
ATM can make Bad Apple out of his poop
*atm hooking jumper cables between himself and a sleeping merth then cranking his hog so hard merth gets electrocuted awake* || Phat: "well it turns out white men can jump!" || Nerfgunner in blackface: [redacted]
ATM is a little bitch and I could easily take him in a fight
Top 3 google searches: || does atm like my car || does atm believe in life after love || can atm have a kumbaya
atm can have a little kumbaya, as a treat
ATM clogged the toilet at your mom's work and blamed her and she got fired
atm and his boyfriend Barry have been banned from a certain theme park in California. To their credit, they had only ever *heard* the name.
atm is dressing as a fully functional urinal for halloween this year
ATM ate all the pain hornet hives
ATM got bricked up and started howling when I said I prefer to squirt some MIO over drinking soda.
ATM inspired the Gray Man survivalist concept
atm wrote a light novel where the protagonist gets the bottom tier skill "guitar virtuoso" in a world where guitars don't exist
ATM reads 35P as "thirty-five P"
ATM eats a lot of shit
ATM weighs 44.5 tons.
ATM: "Hey Cuda, I brought you a Jiangshi" *brings out the tied up body of Sammo Hung*
ATM's landmine girlfriend exploded.
ATM was denied entry to The Breeders Cup.
ATM got the nickname Clam Jammer in high school
“That pussy be SQUIRTIN” -atm, watching merth’s cat projectile vomit onto merth’s pillow
ATM had sex so fast he caught on fire and died
ATM is used as the factory tester of cow milkers
Merth: "I don't know if I can keep doing this man, we have taken advantage of so many people" ||  || ATM: "Shut up and leave your fucking morals at the door. We are creating generational wealth for our children and their children" ||  || Merth: "Whatever man, just press play" ||  || ATM: "Bau Bau! I'm not a Chihuahua..."
ATM writes parodies of hit songs for Chuck E Cheese
ATM's adoptive grandmother is unreasonably hot.
ATM thinks the MC in rap names is pronounced Mac
ATM grilled and ate Luce
ATM used to drive a cheesecake truck, and he ended up eating all the cheesecakes. He can't do that anymore, because of woke.
ATM got bored and gave up halfway through the 44 minute Transformers Beast Wars handjob I payed 700 Doge for 😦
atm was created by atm (time travel shenanigans)
ATM has started starting his sentences with Skrabumbus for no fucking reason
From the moment ATM understood the weakness of his flesh, it aroused him
No one's touched atm there in a damn hot minute
ATM is a pornstar! He plays the casting couch stuffing in all casting couch videos
ATM thinks theythems use they/them in first and second person too
ATM is great at wrangling idiots (this server)
ATM fucks a lot of jews and blacks
ATM fucks a lot
ATM keeps adding more stupid words to his name, and basically, it's fucking stupid
ATM works for Dengeki Bunko
the item of atm makes balls 10 additional balls watch out
ATM's favorite meal is the crust of a tan man.
ATM spoiled his appetite eating too much deer corn before dinner
ATM thinks the sisterhood of the travelling pants is a cult
ATM doesn't have a butthole
ATM shot and killed the Rizzler
atm got that dog in him (bestiality)
atm got that dog in him (succulent chinese meal)
ATM comes from a land down under + he's gay
There’s blood on ATM’s hands. And his feet. And his face. And his chest. Atm is just covered in blood and it’s real friggin scary
Atm has a beach body in that various scavengers are feasting on his rotting carcass
Atm cast “rectal incontinence” on merth but his manna was low so all he did was make Merth fart a lot. Merth used the counter-spell “Glock 40”
We are all ATM's butthole
atm came out before silksong
"Burnice Burnice Burnice Burnice Burnice Burnice" - atm dipping his balls in IcyHot
ATM kissed Merth and gave him Mad Deer Disease
ATM leaves it all on the field after a game (a trail of piss and diarrhea)
ATM is caught streaming naked in front of 40,000 people after server members burst into the stream at cuda-chan's house [ATM Clip] ||  || Merth was there too 🥹🥹 || Merth was there too
ATM still uses/r/SubredditCancer
Atm was burned at the stake for boning a vampire
Every weapon formed against ATM shall prosper
ATM's friends are concerned at how many of his written works revolve around owning an elf slave
ATM is half Batman, half Spider-Man: No powers and no money.
ATM cannot sleep a night, haunted by the sounds of the forest trees screaming
When life gives you lemons, ATM kills you with them
All things considered, ATM is definitely a sink pisser.
ATM got bricked up when I served him a chicken and egg bowl.
Urban legend says on a full moon night, you can find ATM prowling your local truck stop
ATM has three medical syndromes named after him
ATM can spit mad freestyle bars, but only in French
Atm: “woah that’s a lot of penises! Oh I get it, it’s one of those abstract images and what I see is supposed to reveal something about my psyche. Yeah, I’m super gay! So what? I just love tons of penises all the time!” *angrily leaves room* || Merth, looking up from his copy of The Big Book of Big Cocks: “what”
ATM is still an ardent believer in Cold Fusion, and continues research to this day
When ATM subbed for the PE teacher, he taught the kids to play Smear The Queer. He got smeared pretty hard.
Atm has a lesbian Dunder Mifflinsona for his ERP
atm just did a hate crime
ATM can cum from jacking off his sausage nipples
ATM wants a rimjob from 🫵YOU🫵
ATM is currently suffering from a severe chungal infection
ATM looks like a chudjak irl
If ATM was a girl he would have prominent vagina bones and a chubby womb
ATM puts Xanax in his dickhole
ATM's womb is barren.
ATM went on Talk Tuah to reenact the Murphy scene from Joker.
Atm just thought he was eating some shit mushrooms, and was not prepared for what happened next
ATM thinks Vegito is stronger than Gogeta.
ATM keeps asking me why there are no "cisformers"
ATM's BBM BFF BBF got a BBL from a BBW
*atm getting up on stage at open mic night with a keytar*: 🎵  "If there's no one inside you when your hole big farts/then I will swallow your rank shart" 🎵  || *merth screaming from the back*: "I AM GENUINELY GOING TO KILL YOU"
You can take ATM hot to go
atm brings his dreamcast on dates in case he needs to queue up pumpkin hill if they end up banging
atm activates the white gay guys
when atm's computer says not to turn it off, he does
ATM: The Pizza Parlor will make you prove it if you order the meat lover's pizza
Atm is the equivalent of a 1/1 human token
ATM is working on an epic prank
Atm: "this is the worst day of my life" || Nerfgunner, yelling loud enough to be heard through the wall" "HELL YEAH THIS IS AWESOME" || Atm: "My life has been shattered into pieces" || Nerfgunner: "HOOOOOO BOY HELL YEAH" || Atm: "I can't believe merth is dead, he fell into that meat grinder feet first it was just a prank man I didn't think he'd fall in!" || Nerfgunner: "THIS IS THE BIGGEST HOTDOG I'VE EVER SEEN IM ON FUCKIN' CLOUD 9 MAN"
ATM is a professional creepypasta writer (unpaid)
ATM showed me his camera roll. It was filled with pictures of him jacking off to pictures of MLK Sr. (r/nosleep top post of 2024)
ATM got low diffed by a car.
Atm both eats shrimp with the wimps AND lobster with the monster
ATM can't afford an LGBTQ+ flag so he's hanging a Twister game mat from his flag pole
“That pussy got me acting unwise” -atm, after finding out one of merth’s cats has been causing gas leaks in ATM’s house
ATM, upon starting his position as Creative Arts director for Fermilab, said: “I don’t understand what the fuck you eggheads do here, but I’m going to make it a hell of a lot gayer”
“average person makes 3 slutty emoji copypastas a year" factoid actualy just statistical error. average person makes 0 slutty emoji copypastas per year. ATM, who lives in cave & makes over 10,000 each day, is an outlier adn should not have been counted
ATM prefers the Beatles in stereo
ATM has a cute speech pattern
ATM has a cute walk
atm wants a gremjob from gigi
ATM stores energy in a sac holding 5000 psi of compressed air
ATM always finds out, but somehow has never fucked around
atm prefers a meaty clussy
ATM is a legged takedown dummy
ATM's favorite food is jew eggs
ATM's witch brew be like || ✅ the cum of a Sir || ✅ 5 lbs of clussy
ATM unbirthed and then aborted merth
ATM is publishing a pamphlet on lowering your popularity
ATM watched the old Fantastic Four cartoon and now he speaks in a Nagoya accent.
ATM is sad that he peed
the scripture passage about atm peeing the bed is actually based on a true story where an entire bed came out of his peehole
ATM, teaching sex Ed: Raise your hand if you've seen porn. ||  || Students: *raise hands* ||  || ATM, sadly: It'll never be that good.
Of course atm respects women! One time this woman he knew had big boobs and he respected that
atm gives head like he gives to charity: infrequently and reluctantly
ATM's got a watch with a minute hand, Millennium hand, and an eon hand
ATM's got a dump brewing that could choke a moose
ATM is a big fan of jacking off
ATM had a tear in his eye when he said to rename his "Presidential feet pics" folder.
You can't take your eyes off of ATM for a minute or he'll do a 9/11
ATM always farts before he leaves an elevator
ATM leaks a lot
The song “Johnny Are You Queer” is actually about ATM
He may not look it, but ATM is practicing his dribbling every day
ATM believes he can fly. He believes he can touch this guy.
ATM has an overconsolidation ratio of 10 after a glacier moved over his hibernation spot during the last ice age
ATM is a master manipulator. He already convinced merth to kill phat
ATM is a master manipulator. He already convinced phat to kill merth
ATM's producer goes: "If yung sludgejob won't fricka imma baheaves"
I saw atm burning and it was beautiful
One man cum if you touch his bum || One man cum and screave || One man cum if you say his name || One man is ATM || IF YOU TOOOOUUUUUUCH HIS BUM || HE CUM || IF YOU TOUCH HIS BUM
ATM leaked classified military documents on the War Thunder Forums again :/
atm is a strong believer in women's rights, lefts, centers, fronts, backs, tops and bottoms
atm organizes his porno folder by cup size and none of the subfolders hit triple digits until F
"atm ate with this one" -merth, pointing to a fork in the ATM Memorial Museum
ATM was drinking the juice that makes you gay, but he only drank(le) half of it. And that is why ATM is bi.
ATM loves ai slop, he cranks his hog to vtuber ai slop every day
ATM went to a clown party and got mad clussy
ATM is a Glee superfan
It's a new hololive generation, which means atm has to buy 5 new themed fleshlights
atm is looking very plappable in those jeans
ATM drives a PT Cruiser convertible
ATM does compensated dating
atm is a homosexual homicidal homo sapien
atm grabbed my face and said, "now be a good little boy and swallow the load daddy just put in your mouth" and I'm gonna be honest it was a weird way to try his lasagna. Pretty decent lasagna though.
ATM's favorite food is huevos rancheros
ATM sold my feet pics to Dave
atm is a real nigga
Atm just went radio silent after being linked to massive amounts of fraud. Everyone welcome new user ATN to the chatroom
ATM uses a bidet to rinse after he brushes his teeth
ATM's plan for peace in the Middle East went to shit after he hired Epic Meal Time to make a new map of the area with bacon
ATM is for breeding
It is now legal to fuck ATM!
ATM has sakura-colored nipples
ATM's parents lost the 50/50
ATM is a three time grab-ass world champion
ATM celebrates Veteran's Day by denying VA benefits claims.
atm lives rent-free in our heads (he is an ethereal being whose existence is powered by mortal man's devotion)
I opened the toilet in atm's apartment to take a dump and Beethoven's 5th started playing
Atm exposes his shaft to people and then claims there weren't any exposed bits.
ATM went to jail in Nerfgunner's Jordans.
atm has been trying to get his manga about Eminem serialized but so far he's only has one opportunity to make a oneshot.
ATM does flicker gooning with Costco guys
ATM didn't know it would be Chinese.
ATM has referred to me as his "work concubine" and I'm really scared right now.
ATM is a master welder, but he will only do butt welds
Atm wants to drink from finana's tenga
Atm is jewish actually
ATM stole phat's melanin with evil penis magic so now phat is white and ATM can say the n-word
ATM got groomed but not sexually so it's ok
To atm, they're the Regular Sisters. That's how twisted he is.
Jewblaster ATM: the new toy for kids
"Racial Slur Attack! Divine Blast of Purity! Amplify: Hatred!" - ATM attacking a minority or smth i guess
ATM used a cunt auger on his backyard cherry tree and now impregnates it every day
Oh naur! ATM is being cancelled for misgendering a non-binary overwatch hero on twitter!
Atm also known as illiterate dipshit
ATM's buttpussy was throbbing as merth teasingly traced its rim with his JEW tongue, making the Missouran whimper and squeal
ATM is now a daddy ❤️
ATM never deburrs his parts
Much like Batman, ATM has a contingency plan for how to enslave every member of this server
If you slowly rotate atm, he will undergo a phase shift.
ATM HATES Grubus
ATM's pussy is only level 3
At its peak, ATM Industries Ltd. was producing 300 tons of trinitrotoluene per day
ATM brought a lot of buckets of water to the BYU dorms.
ATM's got some big fat slimy nuts for such a scrawny white boy
ATM can upscale his vision at will
ATM plays Pokémon Sleep because of his inflation fetish
ATM was explaining why you shouldn't throw batteries into the Mississippi river and cuda called him a woke scold and kicked him in the balls
ATM won't be replying to DMs today as he's busy playing Overwatch Classic.
Jewbanger ATM when the jew is frigid 😡
Preorders for the atm doll with uncomfortably detailed genitals close at midnight
ATM is the cause of global warming. He really gets Mother Earth heated.
atm is an ingrate
ATM got skills like Schumacher and his copilot is Chewbacca.
ATM uses colloidal silver daily
ATM is making America Gape again
atm's planecock is sheathed in his cockpit
Atm never gives up his dead
atm's mom took up smoking when she found out she was pregnant with him
atm asked me if I wanted to see a picture of an ugly faggot and I said no then he sent me a picture of himself trying to make a troll face with text over it telling me to go look in the mirror and honestly I don't think the joke worked very well in that format
As much as ATM wants to, he cannot forget the future
ATM has been saying "what we jacking to, goat?" as a greeting and people seem to not be loving it
atm replaced his C:\Windows\system32\OpenWith.exe with a picture of merth (it still works)
Tom Cruise is a liar, ATM does all of his stunts
the weird rash on atm's thigh can, in fact, play Bad Apple
atm pronounces Bulgaria with a soft G
ATM is a Teemo main
Atm is full of unpatchable zero-day vulnerabilities.
atm just ranked all the breast cup sizes and you won't believe which he gave an S rank to
Ben Shapiro: "Men can't get pregnant" || Atm: "big talk for a twink in plapping distance"
I was feeling depressed so ATM came to my house wearing Kurumi Noah's recent outfit then made me play league of legends all day.
ATM uses only one mod for Rimworld called Rimjobworld
ATM has never been to the produce section of his local Asian grocery store.
atm just released another "sexy" ASMR video titled "You're on a date with Hu Tao and she explains how embalming works [ASMR][Sexual]"
ATM is doing a gay porn parody of Dandadan titled Fagfafag
"uoooohhh kani 😭" ATM after a seafood broil in Maryland.
ATM is boyserving boycunt
ATM prefers Jynx before Gamefreak made her woke (not black)
ATM is ks nooba
ATM used his inheritance from his ACLU lawyer grandpa to buy a high-spec slave
ATM sells all-inclusive one-way trips to Aokigahara
ATM runs an assisted suicide clinic where you're dehydrated to death in a hot desert simulation room called Aokisahara
ATM will fuck you if you just ask
ATM was FIRED from his job because of WOKE (he wouldn’t wake up in the morning to go to work)
ATM has the stoicism of a moai statue
QUICK! HELP! ATM's butthole is BROKEN and needs REPAIRS! Hold him down while Jher welds his butthole!
Atm loves his job as an Applebees bartender because the only thing more pathetic than him are his regulars
Atm is mad he missed out on the era where white people could blog about ramen like it was exotic and strange
atm's sixth bit flag is reserved for future use
Dude I think I just ran over atm with my car
BREAKING: ATM has been purchased in a $1,200,000,000 cash Private Equity buyout
ATM selects only the finest horsegirl meat, along with radishes from his own garden for ATM's World Famous Horseradish
ATM is more of a wet jerk
Atm works in the vore wing of the lewd humiliation labs
atm grilled and ate all the test subjects
ATM's cloaca bifurcated
To everyone's surprise, ATM does not have a bifurcated penis
atm is coming in his cage and he's NOT doing just fine mommy is very disappointed he made such a mess and would like him to lick it clean like a good little boy
ATM was the plug for Minnie the Moocher.
ATM makes his morning tea with his old dishwater
atm can make sense of horses, but most of the time he makes incense on accident
Yeah, ATM's a Redditor, but in a really cool and mysterious way that doesn't suck.
ATM still makes rage comics. U mad about it?
ATM's three sizes are 129, 69, 100
ATM wants to plap a jew
ATM plapped a jew
as a kid, atm wanted to grow up to play videogames and hang out with cool older kids. This dream actually came true but atmito would probably be a little disappointed by the reality of it
atm keeps gay possums as pets (he strangles the straights)
Atm fell out of a hot air balloon and died
Call atm vitamin A the way he melts when he sees a fat booty
ATM’s got that pawg in him
ATM’s inner child has escaped! He is releasing that dawg in him to retrieve the child
ATM is really thirsty, time to open up the vtuber perfume chart!
atm is as bouba as a kiki
ATM built the Panama Canal because he wanted the Atlantic and pacific to kiss each other
atm is penis guy
ATM was the lead animator on Dragon Ball AF
atm is chronically triggered
ATM has no idea how many of his friends have had sexual relations with his immediate family members, but he would be aghast.
if atm was a minecraft mob, he would be a ghast
"How do you do fellow rat fuckers!" - ATM as he shows off his Minnie Mouse and Gadget hentai collection
ATM designed the new hero Hazard for Overwatch 2
ATM: "Yas queen I'm always serving 💅" ||  || Merth: "just put the fries in the bag, bro"
"Gamersupps waifu cup?? I only drink out of diva cups." - ATM with a lot of red around his mouth.
atm wants to do better in the next life but nirvana won't let him
the ghost of kurt cobain tirelessly toils in a quest to prevent atm from reincarnating
ATM is a CEO (Cum Enforcement Officer)
atm: "I want to love you in a thousand tiny ways" || merth: "well they sure can't be big ways with that thing in your pants!" || *nerfgunner opens his mouth and a tinny laugh track plays until he closes it*
the National Park Service was not happy with what atm called the manual for handling emergencies involving elderly people at Zion National Park
atm has a tinny penis
atm's mind palace is in a pretty bad neighborhood
ATM wants to "warbride" you. Yikes!
whenever atm talks about his "boyhole" he's actually talking about the pit in the woods behind his house children keep falling into
atm has a c-section scar
ATM's new rap name is Lil' Plimb
ATM gave merth a tramp stamp and told him it says Beautiful Boy but it actually says Enslaved Retard
the only way to get the good ending in ATM: The Visual Novel is to e-mail him pictures of your feet
atm got fired from his job as zookeeper for...losing the zoo? He lost an entire zoo? How?
ATM doesn't understand why people get so upset when he says he was "at January 6th." Everyone was at January 6th. It's a date of the year, dipshits.
ATM rizzed up Lois Lane
ATM rizzed up Lois Griffin
ATM is anatomically very close to a deer, just with much much more mucus
Atm is the total package! He’s kind, caring, a little stupid, considerate, moderately attractive
Atm took his class on a field trip to a brewery
ATM shot and killed loli Shigure Ui
After giving birth, ATM's mom told him "queen never cry" and ATM just kept shitting and pissing.
ATM learned Chinese so he could say 那个
Atm uses symmetric key encryption from the frontend to secure his endpoints
Atm keeps pointing at pairs of things and saying “yuri” or “yaoi” or “ew het” or “t4t”
when atm was messing around looking for glitches he accidentally signed a general non-compete agreement making it illegal to be employed by anyone ever
ATM uses asymmetric key encryption to secure his dangly bits
ATM has over 500 copies of Batman (1989) on VHS
Merth: Dunsparce is shaped like a friend  || ATM: Dunsparce is shaped like a cocksleeve
atm's fingers smell fishy
ATM is a travelling anvil salesman
ATM is bad idiot he KILLS people
atm kills people
ATM's facial hair is a Post Malone reference
atm loves using the phrase "putting someone on a pedestal" but he pronounces "pedestal" as "pedo stool"
ATM's type is bleach blonde bad built butch bodies
atm is fluent in Yiddish
atm fought a bear and lost
atm did full frontal nudity every night in his musical theater adaptation of Shrek
picture this, you and atm are in the basement sitting on an old and shitty couch, you're watching South Park and he's giving you a dry handjob. Thats the atm boyfriend experience.
atm is like a box of chocolates, you know exactly what you'll get if you read the tattoo on his chest
atm invented advanced cunnilingus where he inserts his whole head inside the vagina and proceeds to tongue the uterus
Atm misunderstood what Black Friday was and has been spending it browsing racist porn
ATM pardons a turkey every Thanksgiving...from life
If ATM could reanimate something he'd reanimate all the top nazis
ATM's pronouns are plimb/plomb. Plimb thought it was hilarious when plimb put this on plimbs government forms but now everone hates plomb cause they have to call plomb plimb/plomb or get arrested by Biden's pronoun police
ATM's favorite gacha game is Plimbus Company
ATM's shower has pulp
A futanari SPAT in ATM's MOUTH
atm's cheese pizza recipe mostly uses bleu cheese
atm's magical girl transformation sequence spends an uncomfortable amount of time focused on his cock and balls
ATM has two uses for his Niroflex Metal Mesh Oyster Shucking Glove
atm has a palm sized pneumatic motion you can fiddle single handed for hours in his pants
ATM lobbied hard to get a “deer spotter” Boy Scouts badge, where you get a badge after spotting twenty deer. After the badge was made (and a lot of grumbling from the scoutmaster), ATM refused to report any deer, because he ain’t no snitch.
ATM: The Orphanage was shut down for only accepting weird cursed children and also for labor law violations
ATM calls panties “Squirrel Covers”
ATM is a beaner (he loves beans)
atm has a suspiciously small hp bar but that is a trap cuz he takes no damage unless you dispel his white power
ATM micro doses expectorant
Atm was pounded in the butt by his own butt
"midwife? Yeah she was a mid wife." -ATM leaving his pregnant wife
atm would cum if you trapped him in a cage and five guys surrounded the cage and started pissing on him while shouting "CUM!"
ATM takes the good with the bad
atm thought 土砂降り was ドしゃぶり
ATM is reviving #DicksOfDestiny
"Only my froghole can poop it ima sugu 🎵" || \- ATMSide
ATM is beloved
this is an empty ATM fact. Sure its string length might be larger than 0 in the database, but it is truly devoid of any value and meaning
We covered atm in baby oil, grab your Buckshot and get ready for this year's Destroy Deer December
atm has been sounding too much and now his urethra looks like an exhaust pipe
atm was dishonorably discharged from the space force because he kept asking his superiors for "permission to dock" when he wasn't even a pilot
ATM was accepting stolen valor when he got a discount at Applebees for wearing his Buzz Lightyear “Space Ranger” sweater
Atm has managed to combine west coast ska and UK grime into music that is truly terrible
atm jacks it to homestuck-sonas
ATM can make the vine boom sound effect with his mouth
ATM tried making a Bollywood zombie movie but it ended up being about twitter bots.
Girlhood is a spectrum: || (ATM)<--------------->(ATM in a wig)
ATM makes plap sounds with his mouth in bed
ATM loves all his niggas but he's not a faggot.
ATM can only cum when the 24 hour time is a prime number
"ATM and a horse" said the Horse Cock Prophet
ATM wrote "cum", "shit" and "fart" on the bullets he used at the JFK assassination.
ATM fucked Kyle Ewert
ATM fucked Shlomo Choina
ATM fucked David Silverstone
ATM pimped a butterfly
ATM uses nipple whitening cream
ATM is a new writer for Doctor Who! His first enemy will feature a special sex offended dalek who says "Plapxterminate"
ATM is a transitive property
Atm spends 12 hours a day commenting on Path of Exile YouTube videos. He simply needs to tell the streamers what's wrong with their build
atm makes song covers where he replaces all the percussion with finger snaps and all the finger snaps with toe snaps
atm's middle name is chomolungma
ATM is trying to recreate the japanese sensation of maid cafés in America with slave cafés
Atm once declared war to an alien species who did know the concept of war. He lost.
ATM hasn't taken a shit in months
ATM got a slavejob from merth. It was so good ATM ended up giving merth a slavepie.
This overkill of sad old story is wearing ATM down
ATM is currently using slavery to force merth to build sheds and then destroy them only to build them once more in perpetuity
ATM got fired for crimping at work
ATM was born in le wrong generation
Atm finally got a date with his oshi but because of the NDA he can't kiss and tell
Atm has really been phoning in his magical girl transformations lately, now he just kinda puts on a jacket and drinks from his flask and he pawned his wand of friendship and bought a gun
One of ATM's fishies got sucked in by the filter.
ATM is Baba Yaga
ATM's buttslave
ATM is a mesugaki
ATM is really enjoying the new XCOM game
"goo goo ga ga, where's the mama?" - ATM
ATM is curmudgeonly
Atm appears on Drake's opps list four different times
ATM is 5% milk solids by weight
ATM begins each morning by snorting a fat rail of matcha powder
ATM has an insatiable sexual appetite
"Slavery!!" - ATM
"Best watch what you say, buster. Last guy that talked to ATM like that got his dick sucked from the back."
atm has exhorted his followers to "join us in holding these individuals responsible for their contributions to the current state of games journalism"
ATM's asshole is very tenebrous
atm's manifesto starts with "this is not my manifesto but my WOMANIFESTO" and frankly thats an exhausting way to start the 40 page document explaining why he drove his car into an Arby's
ATM iz kewl, liek, sooooo kewl. He'z tha kewlest, most awesomest guy in da ATM Deerscord 😉
atm is a big fan of The Oatmeal
Jesus found atm annoying and unpleasant
atm has never met a flesh orifice he couldn't insert an appendage into
atm beat Mike Tyson at chess
Atm learned to drive from Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing
ATM is developing a humidifier that doubles as a pocket pussy. He calls it the Steam Dick
ATM burst into merth's apartment to release the kraken
atm just robbed a bank! A food bank!
ATM failed to deliver (miscarriage)
ATM is a golden retriever husband
"Plimbungus" || \- ATM
ATM hit and run Dora the explorer and is currently at large
atm is sleeper fatty
atm learned how to draw pussy at sunday school
atm does not tolerate trailing commas in his json,
ATM adopted a boy from Japan and calls him his Json
ATM has an indian accent
ATM is kinda judgemental
ATM should kneel before christ
ATM performs standup under the stage name “Andrew Dice Gay”
"would u rather get a coinjob from a jew or a watermelonjob from a black? the jew is not greedy so u can keep the coins after but the black will eat the melon" - ATM
ATM lacks whimsy
If atm sees you have a strand of hair poking out the top of your head, he flicks it and goes "Nice ahegao"
Atm is the lead moderator (but not creator) of /r/BillyTalent
ATM started a home deli service where he would deliver deli meats to your house at any time of day.
ATM read Metamorphosis on the beach.
ATM is an edging comedian
ATM's favorite Youtube account is Cartoon Family Dad
atm hates playing mario party because the female characters have an equal chance of winning mini-games
ATM wants to FUCK Nancy Pelosi
ATM is a vtuber (pipkin pippa)
ATM put a steak in merth's locker and got him in trouble with the principal
ATM seems rooted in misogyny
ATM really likes the anime Blend S
ATM is also known as the Chattanooga Chud
ATM is a friend of Jimbo 🙂
Snake person: ATM iss a sservile, ssubmisssive ssssimp!!!!!!!!!!
atm boy we gotta get you off twitter saying cuntquake on stream is INSANE LMAOOO an icon king never change..
atm: "hey merth i made a computer that can tell the future help me test it" || merth: "where will I be in 10 years?" || computer: "ERROR UNDEFINED" || merth: "ok well thats a long time to live anyway. Computer where will I be in 1 year?" || computer: "ERROR UNDEFINED" || atm: "just keep trying its still a work in progress" || merth: "where will I be in one week?" || computer: "ERROR UNDEFINED" || merth: "...where will I be in 5 minutes?" || computer: "ERROR UNDEFINED CRITICAL COOLING SYSTEM FAILURE" || *the computer explodes killing atm and merth mostly instantly* || ghost atm: "ok now before you get mad it was technically correct"
atm has proclivities homosexual
Tariffs are projected to increase the cost of ATM by 125%
Atm did the “half your age plus 7” thing to see what the minimum appropriate age he could date is and now he’s having trouble finding *i* on Grindr’s age settings
83% of ATM's portfolio is PepeCoin
ATM dreams in assembly
ATM believes everything he reads on /vt/
ATM drank all the hogwash, urghhhhh
Atm always sings the Terminator theme song when he enters a bathroom
Atm won a BAFTA
atm will always allocate a pty if on a tty
All the songs atm picked for karaoke have the n-word in them. Like, a whole bunch of times
ATM is really mad about that new Miku song
ATM is not welcome here high in the Custerdome 😔
atm banged his gangstalkers
ATM, putting his dick back in his pants on his first day as judge: “Oh, it’s mete out justice, not meat out justice”
ATM told me that 90% of the calories in a bag of chips are from the crumbs at the bottom
Three ghosts visited atm on Christmas Eve and they all left pregnant
ATM is worse than Hitler. At everything.
ATM wants a plimbjob from a scrunkoid
atm just busted in a crunchwrap supreme
ATM has recycled merth for crude oil.
atm gave merth bedroom eyes in a little baggie
ATM has a distasteful amount of pubic hair
Unfortunately, Squirrel Girl would not let ATM store his nuts.
atm just wants somebody to take the pain away. ||  || No seriously, where the fuck is the waiter?
"I'm not seething, I'm See Tình!" ||  || *ATM busts out a dance epic style*
ATM writes long posts in forums on how Peter Griffin is a good dad and that Meg deserves it.
Atm is the '97 Bulls of friendship and the '05 Lakers of helping-you-move
atm is the '69 sixty-niners of sports metaphors
Atm was kicked off his youth soccer team for being 30
ATM grilled and ate Tippy (not ok)
ATM ghosts his cigar smoke
ATM keeps a llama model in the spare bedroom
Merth just amputated all of ATM's limbs!
atm puts side quests in his games as a form of speedbump to artificially extend play time
Atm makes sure to browse the international section at the grocery so that he looks like he cares about "ethnic foods"
ATM prefers his pizza bone-in
Atm is a chaser. No not like that, he’s a *storm* chaser. No, not like that either. Halle Berry has a restraining order against him
Atm wishes you meant as much to him as he means to you
Atm keeps trying to whisper sweet nothings in my ear but he doesn’t know what that actually means so he’s actually just telling me facts about slaughterhouses and it’s like the worlds worst ASMR
The characters in ATM: The Fighting Game actually feel pain and constantly beg you to stop making them get hurt and making them hurt others!
Atm ran over a circus clown
ATM is the left's answer to Andrew Tate
ATM keeps advertising posting hole on his Onlyfans, but he just posts pictures of gopher holes he finds
ATM pays his mods in forehead kisses
ATM once jacked off to a picture of a fedora
ATM micturated on El Duderino's rug
atm is a big Weezer fan
ATM thinks Zomfg is short for Zomfga Badomfga
ATM is more or less pure
ATM pees from his butt
ATM has joined Phase Connect
ATM is a loli
atm is a punctuation
Atm is a bush supporter. He hates when women shave and "Ruin the smell"
Through engagement bait, atm has acquired the full birthday, maiden names and childhood best friends of all of his Twitter followers
ATM always carries a map when he makes barbecue so he doesn’t get lost in the sauce
atm teaches english as a second language to adults but he teaches them zoomer slang
Umm... No. Just No. ATM Just Recorded A Cover Of Santa Baby Called Santa Enslaved Black Person...
ATM got bricked up after I poured a bag of rice over his head.
When atm is riding shotgun in a car, he imagines Daiwa Scarlet running alongside the car jumping over fences
ATM's problematic bit for the day is asking for foot jobs from paraplegics
Atm always dons his gay apparel whether it’s Christmas or not
Atm took the Christ out of Christmas because he’s been living mas since 1998
ATM thinks a woman's place is not in the kitchen because he can cook better than all women.
atm's dentist is noticeably hungover
atm has a TV show on public access called America's Next Top Bottom and its way more confusing than it sounds
ATM is the owner and sole proprietor of the "girlsmell Olympics" where he ranks entries on the intensity and qualities of their body odor.
ATM uses JOI because he doesn’t know how without instruction
ATM’s girl smell triathlon is pits, feet, and pussy
ATM is VERY excited for the new Harley Quinn comic.
ATM is simply the best
ATM only plays gooner games these days, like Stellar Blade, NIKKE, and mario rom hacks
atm can see if he gains or loses reputation points with a person whenever he interacts with them and its driving him to madness
atm is currently naked
ATM wants to wish you a Merry Christmas!
ATM just killed a goblin :/
ATM is a japanese goblin
ATM did the choreography for Michael Jackson's Thriller
ATM loves swimmin’ with bow legged women
Like most people, atm is down bad for Steve Buscemi
Atm empirically blasts larger loads when jerking it to a character he likes versus just an attribute he likes. Unfortunately, merth does not know this is what atm borrowed his kitchen scale to test.
"finna commit sewercide" - ATM after a night out at Buffalo Wild Wings.
"Driving fast and eating ass" is ATM's new slogan for 2025
ATM was extremely disappointed that the old ladies at the retirement home did not look like Citlali.
atm's band various artists recently hit 10 million lookups on spotify
atm runs an illegal racket racket
Atm believes in the horseshoe theory for rizz which is why he's been perfecting his negative rizz
I saw atm goon in the pale moonlight || And as each rope blasted || It shined like the Milky Way
Atm is starting to get a little too into women’s sports
“I think I hauve covid” -atm, actually having bird flu
ATM is whimsypilled
ATM filled my heart with whimsy (not sexual)
ATM is gay and Chinese.
ATM has the demented melancholia of a Tennessee Williams character
"smell wasn't what I expected, vibes were ok but not great" -atm's google review of Hitler's bunker
*atm holding a door open for someone* || Videogame announcer voice: "K-K-KARMIC RANK UP! YOU ARE NOW WORTHY OF LOVE"
“Sell Out” by Real Big Fish plays in ATM’s head as the hold music while he waits for another thought.
If ATM had a rhomboid penis, he would say "Plimbus plombus, suck my rhombus."
ATM is lactating
If ATM Was Invented Today The Woke Mob Would Cancel Him
ATM love Merth did a spank Phat just enjoyers
Atm is beginning to think this polycule is actually just a street gang
on the first day of christmas my atm gave to me
ATM can kiss a thousand boys in bars (cause he's gay)
I don't think atm understands what a fax machine does because he clearly just tried to fax me a hotdog
atm faxed me a hotdog
Atm: "Mertheon I choose you!" || *a clearly concussed merth comes out of the bushes*: "Merth! Merth! Merth!" || *Mertheon uses Rectal Incontinence, its super effective!*
atm is full of wiles and tricks
atm wore out the gloryhole
atm works at a vape store
atm uses his anime voice to catfish weebs
I got my ATM replaced under Samsung warranty
ATM doesn't want to wait for his lunch to get colder. Why can't he eat it right now.
ATM just turned 40, which makes him the right age to play a teenage heartthrob.
atm created an AI that can flawlessly remove "don't train AI with my art" watermarks from images
ATM misses when toys were toys (choking hazards and full of lead)
ATM strives to be like the dad from "Cat's In The Cradle"
the state of Missouri recently passed a law instituting an "atm tax" which raises taxes on atm until he leaves the state and becomes somebody else's problem
atm single-handedly broke a wastewater treatment plant
ATM thinks you should jack off more
"Uoooohhh I love goth girls" - ATM getting bricked up seeing the woman in "American Gothic"
ATM gets strangely turned on by the Hormone Monstress from Big Mouth and it freaks him out
ATM placed third in the 2012 spermjacking invitationals
atm just had a major paradigm shift and now he is "up good"
ATM was Adam's first wife, but refused to have sex on the bottom so God banished him from the garden.
WARNING: ATM will be going sicko mode for all of 2025.
Atm went to the Rice Shower training camp and immediately fell off the cliff and died
As far as atm is concerned, every year he was married to his ex-wife was the year of the snake
ATM has a perineum piercing
ATM thinks it's OK to call people slurs as long as he says "no offense" afterwards
ATM touches grass with all four paws
ATM is developing the game Cotton Plantation Slave Simulator!
Atm runs the most popular homestuck minecraft RP server east of Nevada
ATM's gander dysphoria has led to multiple orders of peking duck (yes there are many things wrong with it)
ATM really likes the latest zurikishi character
atm had his first goon sesh of the year at 12:01am
atm was very upset when he went to lolita island and ordered the house pasta and they did not serve cocksleeve carbonara
ATM is adopted and his parents don't like him
in ATM: The Videogame there are more polygons on of atm's feet than there are in Nier: Automata
ATM is a fat white guy with face tattoos and a little bit of soul.
ATM picks his Kentucky derby wins by stabbing each horse and seeing how much blood comes out because according to him: “if it bleeds it leads”
atm gets daily breeches alerts on his ass-lovers app
ATM will not give up his seat for a pregnant woman (he's pregnant also)
Atm thinks the Kentucky Derby is the cross-promo between Uma Musume and KFC
Unfortunately ATM is just a few inches short to be considered in the "PAWG" category.
Caffeine is addicted to ATM
ATM is a father who gets a lot of sex.
Atm once said “go white girl go!” while receiving a blowjob
atm drives a kamaz
All of the ATM Official Plushes come with a fleshlight
ATM Just Invented A New Instant Messaging Client Called Plimbcord, And It's Giving Pesterchum
atm lists his bra size on his resume
ATM's waifu is Felicia Day
ATM donates 1/10th of his salary to the r/neoliberal mod team
ATM is スロカス
atm got kicked out of a maid cafe for being too pathetic and bringing down the vibe
ATM wrote his manifesto with ketchup in his omurice.
atm recently filed a business loan for a business described as a "race-play maid cafe"
atm craves pain just to be able to feel again
atm wouldn't stop moaning when the vampire bit him which just really threw off the vibe
ATM Loves robbing banks
ATM's ASMRs help people fall asleep because they are so fucking boring.
ATM is literally shacking right now
ATM is learning scheme because he also wants to be homoiconic
ATM wants to touch my plimbus
ATM enslaved northernlion
ATM exclusively watches magical girl anime aimed at elementary school age girls
ATM is forever 17 (he got cursed by a witch to repeat junior year of high school for eternity)
ATM thought "Vercingetorix" was part of the female anatomy.
atm keeps posting homophilia to the homophobia channel (an honest mistake as they are both abbreviated to "homoph")
ATM does not die when he is killed
atm experienced major cognitive dissonance when he was killed but did not die
atm writes novelizations of pornos
ATM is starting a brood war and is looking for a mother
ATM asks every Asian person he sees if they have an english name.
ATM calls himself the Uncle Ruckus of his family
ATM is duty (doody) bound to take an Upper Decker if you invite him over
ATM has a podcast reviewing every Benihana chef
atm makes cam rips of stuff he watches on Netflix and you can clearly hear him farting and mumbling off to the side of the camcorder
atm designates his friends as businesses on Google so he can leave Google reviews of them
atm forgot the password for the orgy and had to wait outside until his girlfriend was done (she was his ride)
atm invented a menorah bong
"The moral of [Wicked] is that black people are evil even if they are green" - ATM
Atm has 13 used condoms tied up on his thong and he has no idea who used them
Atm is a huge Motörhead fan (you can tell by the tattoo he got referencing their greatest hit)
ATM is a dunderhead
atm sucks his teeth
Jesus referred to atm as "the emo apostle"
Atm has sex with men
ATM got merth in the family way
They did experiments on atm
ATM gets chest pain when he answers the phone
ATM’s favorite season is Tax
Atm charges people to use his bathroom
Atm finds his subs online
Atm went mad trying to invent a slur for people from Ohio more insulting than "Ohioan"
ATM has been enjoying the smell of Richmond on January 8, 2025.
There is a surprising amount of foreplay involved in ATM’s goon sessions
atm ships people irl
ATM is very afraid that Allen Iverson is going to take his job and make art.
ATM is the uncle ruckus of queers
ATM is the reigning Midwest snot bubble competition champion
ATM is mentioned in the Constitutions of 23 states
ATM is giving shit from a butt
ATM says he hates LA but never travels past the 10
ATM left for milk and hasn't come back yet
ATM is "bringing back" the original meaning of robot by calling them electro-slaves
ATM often goes to sleep and wakes up in a different state
ATM is hateful
Adam Montgomery: "I'm ATMing out!"
ATM is buying oceanfront property on the gulf of america
ATM boils his poop
atm boiled merth...in friendship!
atm was way too drunk at his cousin's bar mitzvah
ATM is afraid of taco bell bathrooms
the bank teller started giggling when she pulled up atm's account
Atm has really been wasting these time loops
ATM rarely posts selfies because it's too much of a hassle to scrub off the tar black face paint and bright red lipstick every time
ATM is proud to be an American, where at least he knows he's free
I once took a dump in the stall next to atm and he was listening to an audiobook of Moby Dick through his phone’s speaker
ATM savors in manifest heresy
ATM doesn’t understand manifest destiny and keeps trying to summon a dumbass debate bro streamer
ATM likes gay porn
ATM wants to touch my plimbus if you know what i mean
ATM pronounces "Deco*27" as "Deco Twenty Seven" 😂😂
I SCREAM YOU SCREAM WE ALL SCREAM FOR ATM'S CREAM
ATM quite literally puts his whole pussy into everything he does
ATM has burrito fever
Atm is known as the cum gutter of Cumberland
It's illegal to watch atm
atm discovered a way to fuck around without having to find out (condoms)
ATM opened a weed shop/maid cafe called "High Yorokonde"
atm is out of shit tickets and and lets just say the brown line conductor is on his way
I have no idea how it possibly works or why you have to do it but you have to pump atm's router a few times to get the wifi started before you can connect to the internet
atm's ass smacks back
Atm hates being scolded, but will scold you if you shit on his couch. Curious.
I saw atm get hit by a car and he exploded into an equivalent mass of babies which quickly scattered
for every atm, there is an equal and opposite merth
Atm regrets paying 10,000 Bitcoin for a pizza in 2024
ATM loses his head when he drinks, he usually finds it in the attic the next morning
atm spent all his money betting on horses using the "how much I want to bang the Uma Musume version" system
atm isn't "suffering" from short-term memory loss, he's just getting to experience new things all the time like people's names and the weird wet squishy thing in the caved in part of his skull 🙂
atm did an original beatboxing and breakdancing routine at merth's funeral but he couldn't stop crying and frankly, he wasn't very good at either thing. It was one of the worst things I've ever seen including the open casket for merth who died in a slaughterhouse accident
atm goes to church every Sunday and God wishes he wouldn't
ATM begged and bribed his doctor for a "Tummy hurt" pass
ATM: I want a Tamagotchi on the TI-93 || merth: okay here u go i made it || ATM: NO I WANT A PLINKAPLOMBUS NOW 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
ATM's favorite knot is the girth hitch
I was sitting in a cafe when ATM showed up and said "hello darkness my old friend" to which I replied with pure disgust and confusion. He then explained he was talking to the Latina which still left me perplexed. Then a horny blonde woman and a long white hair short woman showed up and greeted ATM. ATM then proceeded to call me a "coolie" then did the fortnite default dance in my face.
ATM is a yearncel
ATM has wrought a vile tapestry
"FOOKIN' PRONOUNS!" - ATM struggling in 4th grade English class
ATM inflicted his Snow Bunny Hypnosis on me
Atm is merth’s only friend, something that would be news to atm
ATM is Hoops McCann
ATM built his house using Cow Tools
ATM chooses to make skinny JNCOs. ATM chooses to make skinny JNCOs in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of ATM’s energies and skills, because that challenge is one that ATM is  willing to accept, one ATM is unwilling to postpone, and one which ATM intend to win, and the others, too
Atm ran out of magic in the middle of his magical girl transformation and now he’s completely naked and his street clothes already turned to light and are gone and oh god it’s so cold out
Atm teaches way too much 80s and 90s slang in his ESL classes
Atm got raptured while showering so God made him leave his skin behind and pulled atm into heaven as a screaming bleeding skinless monster
ATM is a doomsday prepper. He believes a race of salt people are going to eradicate the human race so he stocked up on water guns.
ATM saved two years worth of farts so he could rip a stinker when he met Queen Elizabeth
ATM was in a love triangle with his high school locker and another locker his bullies shoved him into once
The National Weather Service has issued a Particularly Dangerous Situation for ATM January 21st 0600 CST to January 23rd 1500 CST
atm published a 100-page dissertation on how nearly all love triangles in fiction are fundamentally flawed because of the existence of only two genders
Atm owns a petting zoo with bad vibes
ATM wants to see you wiggle wiggle
ATM's sexiest feature is his flat chest
atm is groot
If ATM kills you, you die for real.
ATM har på sig äppelrumpebyxan och skorna med päls
ATM follows the exploits of Moo Deng
Atm mostly reads trashy romance novels and then says "at least I'm reading <:smugshi:849804204293226537> "
ATM's legal troubles have only just begun
Atm likes delicate flavors
Atm claims we have a Freedom of Association amendment
atm only speaks "video game"
a popular german folk tale purports that when atm was returning home at the end of world war i he only understood the phrase "video game"
Atm has a standing order to buy up as many shares of Cuda Inc. as are available. This is a failsafe to prevent Merth from seizing control.
ATM accidentally a coke bottle. He the entire bottle.
Atm screws the tops on his mason jars for storage 😂
ATM is a paid spokesperson for the Albanian Tourism Agency
ATM is misrepresenting his board state
ATM uses a cat as a sleep mask
ATM buys all his clothes at Hawkt Tuahpic
Everything ATM consumes is slop
Atm wacced out Kendrick's mural
Reminder the only reason we are all in this server is because we are under @ℒℯ 『Günther』's snow bunny mind control
ATM is an extreme sexual deviant
ATM put boogers in his chain
ATM hailed as master diplomat after telling ambassador: “I’m going to mushroom stamp you so hard if you don’t sign this deal.”
atm has played these games before
atm's freedom hole is free-use
Atm did his entire vtuber debut stream while vocoded to Gangsta's Paradise
ATM uses his dick to froth milk
ATM is a massive dysfunctional autist
atm insists upon himself
ATM grilled and ate Big Slime
ATM buys all his sex on sex.com
atm is a classic of the genre
atm is a rave slut
ATM has below 80 IQ
ATM is a really annoying BDSM sub, he keeps pretending to have forgotten the safe word, and when they stop, he goes "why did you stop? I didn't say the safe word"
ATM is the General Grievous of cocks
ATM made an app called Nintinder. It's Tinder for gamers but only real gamers (men) are allowed on it.
*atm grabs merth and vigorously starts rubbing and rolling him until he's smooth and round* || atm: I'm gonna use this merthsketball to show that bully Jhonty that I can be balling! || merthsketball: MERTHSKETBALL! MERTHSKETBALL!
ATM's favorite food is italian wedding soup
atm tried to dribble the merthsketball and he bounced it off his foot breaking 6 toes and causing the merthsketball to launch off into the distance
atm's mom has a bumper sticker that says "I love my beautiful daughters and also I have a son"
atm was playing "gay son or thot daughter" with his ensemble of internet freaks he calls friends and his dad walked by and said "I wish I had picked thot daughter" then started drinking straight from the whiskey bottle at 9am
*atm sitting with merthsketball after retrieving it from the creek it rolled into while Jhonty's 90s cartoon-esque multiracial group made fun of him for not being balling* || "Damn merthsketball, I don't know if this life thing is worth living if I can't get the approval of a black guy" || "merthsketball thinks that life is what you make of it and there is a rich tapestry of experiences out there and many more black people that could have lower standards. Merthsketball!" || "what the fuck you can talk? You're still capable of complex thought??" || "merthsketball is capable of many things such as yearning for death or sucking you off. Merthsketball!" || *atm's and merthsketball's eyes met, atm picked up merthsketball and brought it closer to his face. Unable to hold themselves back, atm and merthsketball started sloppily making out right there on the bank of the creek while Jhonty's group watched in disgust not because they were homophobic but because merthsketball is genuinely fucked up looking and disturbing*
ATM is drake's favorite rapper
"They should at least refer to me as a gringx!" - ATM trying to be woke again
If you call his name ATM will come
Atm heard you like magic. He's got a wand AND a rabbit!
I found a spec script for something called "Sailor Goon" and an envelope addressed to the Japanese Embassy in atm's apartment
ATM is the kinda guy who watches the 24 hour Bob Ross streams for the comfy vibes.
atm: "ayyyyy I'm Polly and I can't make-a my rent dis month ayyyy I spent-a all my-a money on changing my-a name and these-a Italian lessons ayyyy people-a say they way I talk-a is racist now and its-a spelled 'Pauly' ayyyy"
ATM just sold his car
atm: "I am cursed by visions of a future that has already come to pass. Every night I dream of a burning land and an angry sea with me on the beach between filled with a deep sorrow and guilt that I set the fire and must now face the sea. It drives me to madness as I fall and fall and fall towards that terrible fate." || nerfgunner: "jesus christ you took like one hit from the bong what is in this weed?" || merthsketball: "merthsketball loooooooooooooves smoking dank kush! Merthsketball!"
atm pays server members to <:stra:1330620199333920851> his posts
*ATM putting a crappy yaoi manga on the end of a fishing line* "I'm queer baiting"
The federal government has a special hotline to report when ATM has drank too much Surge
atm 12:01pm on January 20, 2025 gooned for the first time of Trump's 2nd term. This would not be his last goon session or even his best goon session but him blasting that fetid load of genetic material into wadded up tissues while thinking of Margaret Thatcher in a baseball uniform would set in motion a movement that would change the world. This is the story of Gooners Against Trump and how Sailor Goon *came* to save the world.
ATM grilled and ate Brian
atm uses winkey+. to input his emojis
One of ATM's supers is a PP install
ATM was the inspiration for the racist horse assassin in *The Killing* (1956)
ATM is moving to Oklahoma
No atm please I’m trying to leave it now
Atm died and got reincarnated as the floor at an all gyaru girls school
atm is a motherfaxer
I don't know what a groyper is, but my dad says ATM is one.
“Guess who just gooped a loli?” -atm, using ridiculous words to say he brain mogged a zoomer
ATM is referenced in the ICP song "What Is A Juggalo?"  (He'll walk up and bust a nut in your macaroni)
ATM is Pentecostal
atm precums with defeat
Normal guy: I would not fuck the Hamburglar || ATM: I, the Plimbunglar, would RAPE the Hamburglar
Atm is grummz
ATM put an all-you-can-eat poke bowl restaurant out of business (he reported health code violations)
atm is really excited for upcoming anime gundam cucks
atm was really disappointed after googling upcoming anime gundam cucks (it is not about cucks)
atm and merth made a baby out of deli meat scraps and a car battery
They call atm “the butt-slopper of Bratislava” for obvious and gross reasons
ATM was hungry in Japan and went to the first place with the word "deli" in sign.
ATM and merth are twinning!!!🫶🫶🫶🫶🫶(same anus smell)
*President Jhonty sitting down in the situation room*: "Ok I was having a dream where 40 racist gyaru were beating me with socks full of curry. Don't know what it means but get on making it a reality, anyway this better be good." || Aide: "sir-" || President Jhonty: "Address me the proper way" || Aide, pitching her voice higher: "Onii-sama we have a serious situation on our hands, I'm afraid to report that atm is ballin'" || President Jhonty: "My god how did this happen?? Assemble my cabinet of diverse 90s cartoon gang members" || Aide: "They are already on their way onii-sama." || President Jhonty: "Last report said he was in an all white suburb! Thats not where ballin' happens!" || Aide: "Apparently he went there to meet a golden retriever." || President Jhonty: "You don't mean-" || Aide: "Yes onii-sama, Air Bud trained him how to ball." || President Jhonty: "My god, the boy is actually ballin'. May god have mercy on our souls." || Secretary of Defense Merthsketball: "Merthsketball thinks we should start bombing France, Merthsketball!"
*Uncomfortably long video of atm jacking off on the beach until he shoots load after load, some of which land on a dead seagull and octopus that rotted together into one horrid mass* || Ina: "and thats how I was born!"
atm poops on the ceiling when he's not given enough attention
ATM joined toastmasters thinking it would give him better oral skills
atm puts 19890604 in all of his profiles and no one knows why
Atm pronounces “horny” like Jamaicans pronounce “Henry”
They call atm “the child” because he’s 3 foot 7 and can’t be trusted around a stove
atm's asshole is full of scar tissue from all the times he accidentally stabbed himself in the ass while trying to stab merth in the ass through the magic portal
ATM has sealed the deal many times with the closer "Look, it's me or nothing."
ATM is because he insists upon himself
ATM is a bad boy
atm is kept burning all night
ATM is a damn blue collar tweaker
atm's hobby: feeding ghost peppers to toddlers and then yelling at them for being picky eaters when they cry
ATM is so aggressively straight that Honeyworks made a song about him.
ATM can shit through the eye of a needle
ATM sells buttscratchers door to door
ATM’s CIA cover name is “Barry McCokinner”
All cheese has holes when atm is done with it
Whenever ATM has a debilitating disease he asks his local essential oil FB group what oils would be best to treat it
atm kissed me
atm really knows his way around a pair of testicles
atm never kisses and tells but sometimes he tosses salad and types
atm swapped jher's skin with falafels' to make the ultimate twink
ATM's nipples are super hard right now
atm ran over the shark vtuber at 2am in Schenectady, New York while buzzed on Bailey's
ATM is a board certified grape surgeon
atm comes out on the 25th of each month
ATM uses a `char[15]` to store null-terminated ip address strings.
Atm cries when angels deserve to die. What a pussy.
ATM: "Phat, I think I have yellow fever" || Me: "lmao yeah probably because of all my twitter links" || ATM: "No dude I'm fucking dying after that trip to Africa"
Atm thinks he's being a feminist when he says "peg the patriarchy".
ATM has Dissociative Identity Disorder and none of them can play the guitar.
atm's fursona has a hommie fetish and practices extreme body modification to appear as human as possible
ATM’s semen is the secret ingredient in ultra high performance concrete
atm takes baths with a rubber ducky
atm made plushes of all the members of this server. Yup, he fucks em
atm never stopped feeding on breasts
I don't know what 'it' is, but ATM's got it. ||  ||  ||  ||  || (I actually know what 'it' is, ATM kidnapped a teenager with it/it pronouns and is threatening to kill it if i tell anyone, please call the cops and delete this message)
atm has read The Communist Manifesto in its original Russian
atm made a porn parody of The Communist Manifesto called "The Cum in This Manny Fister" starring Manny the Manwhore
atm would like to suck you off now
Once ATM became a eunuch, he was well known for being demanding and controlling. People called him "The Cockless Monster"
ATM works as a government mandated boyfriend
atm always follows JOI videos exactly
atm's favorite genre of fanart is 現パロ
more than just a simple cold? atm died while walking to the pharmacy for some cough meds and beer (he was hit by a car)
you can track atm's movements by looking for price spikes in local ketamine markets
ATM says "hawawawa" and "poeeee~~"
ATM grilled and ate Bob Mortimer's osananajimi Chinese Dave
ATM’s critical sludge line is down for maintenance. Please refrain from disposing of your sludge
in this 31 year old atm they still make genital herpes the old fashioned way
atm is tuck between a rock and a hard place (second rock)
atm is not human
ATM is the only being the Death Note doesn't work on. Even the Shinigami's don't want to deal with him.
atm lost the nobel prize for inventing the furrification potion
ATM introduced himself on the first day of college school with "Hello, I like to collect LEGO sets 🙂" and a cool guy responded "Okay brick boy 😂" || From then on everyone called him brick boy 😂😂
atm learned Japanese from JAVs
ATM puts rips out of obscure media but he always makes sure to upload it in the shittiest quality possible
atm is bisexual at best
From the creators of Tickle Me Elmo (and ATM) comes Jack-It Jebediah, an Amish action figure with his hand around his cock! When you move his arm, ge says classic masturbation lines like "I'm stroking my shit rn" and "straight up jorkin it", and eventually he cums with a "I'm busting!"* || *Semen ampules sold separately
atm learned to play the frottoir from his babsk
ATM Is a ride operator at bucketheadland
Atm uses nano to edit text
Atm gets high with a little help from heroin
I left atm out in the sun too long and now he’s discolored
ATM has sex with a lot of black people in his line of work
ATM broke the shift and capslock keys for every computer in Kendrick Lamar's record label
The moon landing was faked. After ATM, the first person on the moon said: “this is one small step for ATM, one giant leap for furry kind”, NASA scrambled to get a more appropriate message out
Coincidentally, ATM’s ADHD made him forget to pack his nuke on his Saturn V flight to the moon, dashing his attempts to once and for all attack the moon
Atm runs a magical girl farm where retired and defeated magical girls go. It’s real depressing!
ATM’s new manga, Vtuber Fertility Clinic, was not well received
In retrospect, the shark vtuber was probably the wrong one to invite to ATM’s lathe warehouse
Atm boiled jhonty
Atm got isekai’d to a Dallas suburb in 2014 and immediately killed himself so he could get re-isekai’d to any space or time else
It took atm 3 hours to finally figure out why drowning the shark vtuber wasn’t working
Atm is looking quite microwaveable today
atm has not yet reached the higher plane of cognition that normal humans have
ATM ranks psych patients by how interesting their admitting diagnosis is.
ATM is a single mother from the Bronx
ATM is still Jenny from the block.
ATM is mother
ATM took a crossbow bolt right to the penis
ATM participated in the Pain Olympics
yo, atm is suckin' me off right now!
atm: "I put my butthole on the cloud" || merth: "what?" || atm: "my butthole, its on the cloud!" || merth: "like you uploaded pictures of your butthole to cloud storage?" || atm: "no man, my butthole is powered by Microsoft Azure now, its on the cloud!" || merth: "what"
atm saw the TV glow and it scared him
ATM is the conductor when running a train on someone
atm sleeps just like everyone else, on his back with all his appendages pointed at the ceiling
ATM has fallen in love with a pachinko girl and honestly there's no coming back for him.
Despite talking a big game, ATM has never won The Breeder's Cup.
ATM on fraud watch.
atm loves cling film
ATM is like a black woman in hindsight
ATM puts the "gay sir" in "ATM fell into a geyser at Yellowstone and was boiled to death"
ATM practices to Marital Art of Polyculism
ATM is no longer into cocksleeve carbonara, now he wants tradwife teriyaki
atm always jacks it widdershins
ATM is the only person in Dallas other than George H.W. Bush who doesn’t remember what they were doing November 22nd 1963
ATM snorts matcha
ATM is all fagged out with nowhere to go
Atm lost his way despite specifically being told not to do that
Atm has something for your butt, will you accept?
atm is cunnybait gfe slop
ATM has a terminal velocity unfathomable to humans
ATM only plaps naturals
Everyone is natural to ATM
ATM busted in the jacuzzi
ATM loves nosleep rules slop
Atm taught his dog how to use a gun
Atm just unsaid the n-word
Atm can see the number of times a person has masturbated and he’s starting to get concerned about some of you
ATM dresses to the up
ATM got deported, not because he was an immigrant but because he's fucking annoying.
ATM can hear smells
ATM loves some milked nuts (almond milk) after a hard day of milking nuts (sexual)
ATM edits gamer YouTube videos on the side. He puts subliminal messaging in them
Atm is not hiding his pregnancy well
ATM ate all the distributor caps
ATM got banished to the outer darkness for eternity
Atm performs the mystery of the 13th aeon
Everything ATM does is against his will
atm was born in the wrong generation, Department of Time Correction officers will be here shortly to put atm in the Victorian pauper pussy he was meant to be plapped into
Atm was aged in a cave in England for 300 days
ATM texted his gf "That's not me sleeping next to you. Get out NOW" in the middle of the night
ATM thinks the frog is liberals
Dark Merth told me ATM's got big plimbers
ATM yells “VTEC KICKIN’ IN BRO” every time he accelerates in his car.
ATM is a river counter and turns his nose up to improperly modeled scale trains
ATM is a ferrorequinologist
ATM wants to Enter the Gungeon but his mom won't let him.
ATM ships House with Dr. Cameron
ATM stinks so bad that he's banned from every soapland.
ATM activate neuron's merth with lotion thingy but ended debating it
Not content with Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots, ATM invented Fuck 'em Suck 'em Robots
"Ma'am, those feet look unemployed, I could give them a job" - ATM before getting arrested again
atm can be expressed mathematically
atm forgot his times tables
call atm Hoover the way he sucks, damn
atm wants to celebrate setsubun but his white trash parents won't let him
Nerf: "man, atm is just begging for attention from men with how he's dressed today" || Merth: "Brother Nerf, you can't speak like that! People can dress however they want, its not always about attracting the attention of men" || *atm walking in wearing a crop-top that says "I am desperate for attention from men" and booty shorts that say "I want to be railed by literally any man right now"*: "Howdy howdy, which one of you sexy men wants a free beej?"
all wolves have a small portion of ATM’s DNA. That’s why they howl at the moon, they want to attack it
ATM just blue himself
atm won't elaborate on what he means by "butlerian jihad"
atm aspires to be profound but his lack of education prevents him
ATM makes butter by eating only fatty cuts of beef and waiting for lipids to seep through his pores, which he collects to form into sticks for cooking
ATM thinks Fear & Hunger is better than Black Souls but both are great
when watching anime, ATM wonders why traumatized teenage girls don't make rational decisions.
a gang of big strong guys with bulging muscles all surrounded atm and attacked him one at a time and atm jacked off each one to completion
ATM walked 500 miles, and then he walked 500 more all so he could shit in Supergauntlet’s hat
For setsubun this year we're gonna shoot ATM in the dick with a bean bag cannon until he dies!
sure it may be a bit odd and incredibly creepy but the rent on the apartment atm found in the back of an old mannequin factory is really cheap!
atm has met a nice white south African
instead of seeding the forest with porno mags, atm scatters discs from the Twin Peaks Blu-Ray boxset
ATM's kingdom was established in heaven in 1914
ATM went broke paying the church indulgences for this server
atm's pussy stank
The more you plug in to ATM, the louder he gets too
ATM’s cleanse diet of pure tungsten cracked the porcelain of his toilet
ATM just founded The Crudstyle Crimpers
ATM is an autismazoid
ATM got a crudjob from all the other Crudstyle Crimpers
ATM isn't a crudlet, he's a crudchamp.
ATM's pants magically unshitted theyselves
ATM hotboxes in parking garages
atm won't stop fondling my genitals
ATM is fully user serviceable and rebuildable.
Atm is loudly servicing himself in the break room right now
ATM operates an illegal landfill in his backyard. Mom found your piss drawer? He’ll take it. Cleaning out your goon cave tissue? He’ll take it. Your huffing gasoline gone bad? He’ll dump it. He’ll even take your failed human cloning waste
atm has hairy hair and skinny skin
ATM wakes up everyday hoping he’s going to write the next emo anthem
atm keeps .url files on his desktop
atm only dances like no one is watching when no one is watching
atm wants to dance but not if it means leaving his friends behind
ATM is very upset at the misandry in that when he takes small shits people point and laugh and call him a crudlet, but when a woman takes small shits she's a cute and petite crudlette
No one wants to know where ATM bought his new t-shirt
atm can take a nuke? that's crazy
atm has sold the O in St. Louis to Boston, they're now St. Luis and Booston
ATM is paralyzed with rage... And island rhythms
ATM asks everyone he meets for a quarter so they can have attorney client privilege
atm stuffs his bro
atm Ma-smoka Indica til he's feeling magical
Based on the sex we just had, I think ATM enchanted his penis with Breach 5 and Impaling 4!
Atm prefers his taffy unpulled
researchers have discovered a hidden, much gayer painting underneath atm's masterpiece 'ecce homo', implying that he doesn't even speak latin
ATM thinks he's a 'crudcel' who can't get laid because he takes small shits, but in reality ATM takes rather big shits and the reason he can't get laid is his horrible personality
atm stores all his data in middle-endian
Atm just learned about La+ and he thinks it's a premium subscription in California
atm doesn't typedef his structs in C
atm once said to his cat, "you possess the forces of yin and yang and have a body that is the way it should be. I suspect that in your heart you may even know all about me!" the cat heaved a sigh, raised his head, and stared fixedly at atm's face, seeming so choked with emotion, his heart so full of feeling, that he could not say a thing in reply
ATM has casted everyone on this server for his upcoming production of ATM: The Movie (everyone is played by Wayne Knight)
ATM LUVS DA METS BAYBEE
Atm just undid your covenant with god
atm thinks phat is white
atm think falafels danish
For nerfgunner's birthday, atm got him a special recorded message from Frd Durst that says: "Who the fuck are you? How did you get in my house? What? Who is 'nerfgunner?' Oh Jesus man don't shoot me *gunshot* Oh god my knee *sobbing* h-happy birthday n-nerfgunner *gunshot*"
atm dropped the crud 😱
ATM could be having discord sex right now and we wouldn't even know
atm's sister bought a gun
atm's mantra is "Richard Nixon"
Atm wants to live in his dreams
ATM is intentionally evil
people think atm lives in filth cuz he never developed cleaning habits but he actually prefers and cultivates the filth
ATM got blackmailed by the Amish again :/
atm has received over 9000 citations from the fashion police
ATM's application to the GNA was rejected for being too gay and too niggardly.
ATM got a troutjob from a sturgeon
ATM can have a little merth smite, as a treat
ATM coined the word "fagpinion"
ATM grilled and ate Merth's TI-83-Plus Silver Edition
ATM installed a gloryhole in his front door, but the mailman hardly ever uses it
atm brought great shame on his family
Similar to Spongebob, atm lives with a fruit south of Seattle
atm developed a new party trick in which he summons a throbber and makes dial-up modem noises
ATM shivered me timbers
ATM shidded my dick
as soon as atm pulled his freshly impregnated fleshlight off his wiener and set it down, a horde of cockroaches scurried inside and gave it an abortion
the thigh-high striped socks did not help atm learn to program at all
i killed atm and his loot was just terrible, got like $7.34 and 3 cold taquitos
ATM majored in kinesiology so he could learn to suck his own dick
ATM burns more coal than the Titanic
ATM fisted the balatro dev until it came
ATM fisted a man in Reno, just to watch him cum
If ATM was swedish his name would be Bosse Bögfitta
If ATM had a gun he would use it to kill himself
ATM eats a lot of food (not sexual)
ATM has successfully been crippled!!!
ATM dresses like a Kingdom Hearts character
Everytime the humidity rises above 70 percent, ATM precipitates out of solution
ATM gives out free glazed donuts (they're glazed with his screave)
ATM was born with only one head
atm took his class on a field trip to a taffy factory and one of the kids got caught in the taffy hook machine and got taffied (rip apart violently while screaming) but luckily atm was able to find and shave a stray dog and pass it off as the kid
when atm needs to crouch down, he puts a selection box around himself then reaches up and resizes himself
ATM has been really into fisting lately
ATM <:stra:1330620199333920851>s his own messages to try to get others to <:stra:1330620199333920851> them
ATM filled all his whitespace because it's more efficient
atm grilled and ate the bot
Unlike everyone else, ATM is invalid.
atm is a clinically diagnosed invalid
atm was actually stillborn but as the doctors were getting ready to chuck the corpse, a shadow went into it and atm started crying! Well, not really crying so much as saying "this will be the vessel for the demise of god" but he grew out of it eventually
atm thinks twinkling titanite is for upgrading your twink
atm got banned from the liquor store for saying "liquor? I hardly know her!" everytime he walked in
ATM is knee deep in strange in a bad and sexual way
ATM broke up with your dad
ATM is a soft sweet boy
Atm summoned a demon from hell and now he can’t get Hitler out of his apartment
ATM plapped Bugs Bunny
ATM can beat Batman with prep time
ATM's favorite merth ship is problematic to say the least
Atm accidentally set his VPN to “alternate reality” and connected to the Discord where falafels is Italian
Atm broke into merth last night and removed the reverse gear from his transmission so now merth can’t walk backwards
ATM bought the life sized Gardevoir and I haven't seen him in months.
atm grilled and ate hol horse
ATM needs to go back to Africa
atm ships himself with his faves
ATM enthusiastically supports “Up With People”. He wants to attach a helium balloon to everyone so they can float up in to the troposphere.
ATM misses 100% of the shots he takes
atm: "stop eating turds with the bird and come drink beer with the deer" || merth: "what?"
atm is what kids on the streets call "digital native"
atm loves eating incense, especially at funerals
ATM's butt has stretch marks from giving anal birth
Atm was exiled from the Human Toilet Society
ATM does unclean vocals for Merth's band (mostly slurs)
ATM doesn't give a hot gay fuck what you think. He's STILL gonna yank it on the way to work.
ATM’s new podcast “Autism Direct in Your Ears” has taken the world by storm
ATM is writing a body swap web comic about a horse
ATM thinks hating the demons in Frieren makes you fascist :/
ATM has taken up derailing trains as his pastime
ATM always smells like cum
ATM is a retarded damafag
Atm calls swallowing cum "spawn camping"
Atm became a Christian because of the incest parts in the Bible
Atm tastes like honey but will give you heart burn
atm is supply blocked
ATM is a supporter of his local FFA chapter, Future Furries of America
atm has an unintuitive ui and offers no tactile feedback
ATM likes big butts however he can lie
atm is ready for an unforgettable luncheon
ATM shot himself after a valentine's day shift at the maid cafe.
Atm eats a mustard, pickle, and onion sandwich every morning for breakfast.
Merth has a breeding kink. ATM has an inbreeding kink. They are not the same.
"many of you would fold in this situation" -atm, as he turns on the car crusher with all of us locked inside a van
atm is teen pregnant, he has officially been carrying a fetus in his boy womb for 13 years now
atm wants to cut you some slack but his rope is already taut with no excess length
atm accidentally mixed up his valentine and his groundhog
ATM is still longing for his husband to return from the war
Atm is an obvious deathtrap cave feature
atm's microwave works even when the door is open
ATM had a Trump/Vance themed bar mitzvah
Technically, ATM is a vegetable
I saw atm and merth scissoring and neither of them seemed to be enjoying it
Atm electrocuted a whale
ATM is such a lightweight he got a DUI after drinking a bottle of kombucha
ATM is below the height of consent for males
Atm is wearing blackface again
atm thinks "pai-otsu" is pig latin
ATM just started a new post-alt noise gaze band called Drunk Muffin
ATM fucked a minecraft villager
If ATM doesn't reply to your message, but does reply to other people, it means he specifically hates you and wants you to stop posting.
ATM grilled and ate his grill
Atm is living in your faucet! Don't forget to feed him his daily WD-40!
ATM is pioneering a new AI product called ChatCBT, that assesses how much you need to be punched in the balls based on your responses
ATM gets uncomfortably gassy around Mexican people
Cuy normál: Jag vill leva jag vill dö i norden || ATM: Jag vill slakta jag vill döda bögar
atm has been visiting me at night
*ATM at the cookout* || ATM: The greatest rapper of all time is **EMINEM**! || Phat and them: *Disapproving glances* || Merth: I think it's time you make like a tree and leaf buddy || ATM: I think it's time you make like a retard and hang
Behold, atm stands at the door, and knocks: if any man hears his voice, and opens the door, atm will come in him, and atm will sup on his ass, and he on atm's ass.
Atm has the keys to death and to hades
Atm rides a pale green horse
ATM’s 6 dimensional kinematic firmware got an update. The X, Z, T, and øͬ͒̔ axes have a 22% efficiency improvement and duty cycle has been upgraded to 86%.
atm's entrails are upon the ground
atm grilled then portioned out and froze milliontown
ATM has a malignant merthanoma
atm is a plonker but so am I
ATM showed up at the CIA headquarters to pick up his Rolex (he’s on the watchlist)
Atm is a pimp but like, he’s nice about it. Overall a pretty good boss and someone his hoes can look up to and see as a leader
Atm has a hot mouth
You know how when some chefs drizzle oil on stuff they put their thumb over the bottle opening and let the oil run past their thumb? That's how ATM pees
ATM drove Morgan Freeman as Miss Daisy
"I want to fall. I want to descend in a slow arc that gradually increases and fall into a void, I want to be surrounded by warmth. I want to stare into infinity and know I fall into infinity and feel the embrace of the universe as I melt away into the void slowly from my fingers to my heart." -atm, on why he fired the positioning thrusters on the ISS and doomed 6 astronauts to a fiery death
atm laughs at you behind your back
atm laughs at you in front of your back
ATM loves people watching (he's a creep)
Atm got sued by Saudis for his scat themed fighting game Fecal Furry: Shitty of the wolves
This week ATM’s students are learning how to hide their deadbeat alcoholic teacher from a bookie!
all day long atm yells at shit-ass
When stressed, ATM emits a pheromone that smells like extra toasted Cheez-its
ATM became a better person after hanging out with Adam Sandler.
atm loves chick pee soup
"The state of Missouri says I'm not allowed to teach you about these things because they're inappropriate but I say fuck their religious bullshit! I'm gonna make my students into well rounded adults and teach them these forbidden topics" -atm, on teaching his students how to count cards
ATM rates games based on how well he can make his character wear black face
ATM can subsist on a gaseous or plasma diet if he needs to
atm is written in 30 million lines of C code.
ATM is vulnerable to Injection Attacks. He's been attacked with syringes full of strange substances numerous times.
ATM symbolizes decay
A surprising number of atm family home remedies are just meth or heroin
ATM is fluent in SQL (Super Queer Lifestyles)
ATM is mothering so hard right now
atm wants to board a limited express train and go to to neverland
ATM is full of lazy tropes
ATM is a hair actor
ATM's piss is a forever chemical
merth: "I'm in pain" || Nerfgunner: "Is it because of me" || merth: "No, its because of this fuckin atm disemboweling me" || atm: "yayyyyyy, intestines"
ATM promises to listen, learn, and do better next time
atm owns a house on whip-ma-whop-ma-gate
ATM built the Bowling Green children’s museum over a sinkhole and now there’s a tribe of mole kids lurking in the Kentucky limestone, adapted to eating millipedes and living with no light
The network turned down atm's proposal to make a black version of Veggie Tales called "Reggie Tales"
atm drinks Irish breakfast tea at night
atm bathes with bass and they kiss him
ATM broke into the pentagon to eat at the McDonald's
ATM has a tramp stamp "This Side Toward Enemy"
Atm wrote a 5000 page fanfic about him marrying Mococo and getting slowly murdered by a jealous Fuwawa
ATM was a bit of a lad
ATM is a feisty little cutlet
ATM had sex with Sesbian Lex while playing Gex on the PSX
atm has always wanted to be a pilot and soar through the air, unfortunately atm died after a horse kicked him in the head, fortunately he was reincarnated, unfortunately he was reborn in Japan in 1924, fortunately he got his dream of being a pilot, unfortunately Japan is losing the war badly
Atm is a hypercanivoruous ambush predator
ATM says the way the world trade centre was torn down was highly appreciated, and definitely appropriate
atm is a perfect ultimate getter
Atm just cast “rectal deluge” on the toilet, walls, floor and ceiling of the Walmart bathroom
ATM's motto is "Tiny kitchen, tiny mind"
ATM, dead at 33, at the hand of a "close internet friend". Condemned to be buttfucked by demons for all eternity.
ATM threw his back out moving around under his weighted blanket
Atm plays Mario 64 for 6 hours every day
atm wants to play minecraft hardcore but merth won't let him
ATM can backwards long jump in real life
ATM has clogged hotel toilets in 50 states and 18 countries
ATM has unclogged hotel toilets in 4 states and 21 countries
in quantum theory "observation collapsing the wavefunction" is actually a shorthand referring to the presence of a tiny atm who is watching the qubits with a tinier magnifying glass
ATM had horny sex in the butthole house.
atm undressed goggledog's all-dressed chips
ATM is best fried in butter
atm is a non-markovian stochastic process
atm unscrambled my eggs 😦
Atm downloaded my balls into his mouth 😎
atm thumbs his nose at you
atm pinkies his anus at you
I don’t think atm is doing too well, his magical girl transformation song is by The Smiths
atm used to be a "professional ball handler" at his local driving range. he operated the glory hole in the bathroom
I keep thinking about that one time ATM woke up from a nightmare and immediately called merth (who was streaming). He was so frightened and still half asleep he kept repeating “good morning” and “are you winning” despite merth answering him twice already. I really want to protect ATM.
ATM's upper mouth says no, but his lower mouth says yes.
ATM only eats rice fried by shrimps
ATM's stripper name is Sissy Puss
Atm references Tron way too much
ATM can clog two toilets with one shit
ATM smoked all the medical marijuana
Atm wears a shirt that says "the great british bake cough" with two bongs puffing smoke under it
atm is one of the few people who actually can stress this enough
ATM started a band! Merth plays the guitar, Phat plays the drums, Raltia plays the bass, Nerfgunner plays the keyboard, and ATM is the manipulator in the shadows
ATM has terrible netcode
Ron Howard was inspired to create the character of Tobias in Arrested Development after observing ATM for an hour. His gaffes were toned down for TV.
ATM created a diss track about how much he hates C++
ATM and Phat just had a baby! And it's fuckin ugly!
ATM can kill you and make it look like autoerotic asphyxiation
ATM paid for Merth's Vegitoplasty
ATM grilled and ate, and subsequently shat out, (Joe Swanson voice) *a Matisse painting*
Atm microwaved Senko-san: The Helpful Fox
Whenever he sees the ads, ATM drops everything he’s doing and tries not to cum
"Fuck my incel chungus life" - ATM
atm emits a gas from his ass
atm fucked me in the ass?
atm is culturally challenged
After going more than two years without a bath while serving in Vietnam, ATM vowed to take at least one bubble bath per day for the rest of his life
atm's just a rock 'n' roll man
Atm thinks pregnancy and cumflation are synonyms
ATM’s hitbox is 20% smaller than his physical size
ATM was a hateful, evil child
Atm ruins photos by being in them because he’s so ugly. Absolutely hideous.
atm wanted to travel off the beaten path but instead he beat off the travelled path
Atm got kicked out of his local club hockey league for “defiling the ice”
Atm has a fetish
Can ATM pleasure the French?
ATM works for DEI
ATM had a catch can installed
ATM audited his server for waste and fraud, and ended up cutting milliontown, jher, goggledog, and the entire animal channel.
atm has a single gonad
atm exclusively wears cummer vests
ATM is considered to be a highly advanced lifeform, even though he pees his pants sometimes.
ATM runs his car on 100% Ozark Moonshine
*atm running into the room holding a gun finger on the trigger and tapping it against his head*: "FEDS WATCHIN" || *jhonty pulling a gun out of his desk*: "FEDS WATCHIN" || *nerfgunner bursting out of the bathroom and pulling a shotgun from behind the filing cabinet*: "ALPHABET BOYS LURKIN" || *merth ripping off his shirt*: "GLOWIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEE HUNT! GLOWIE HUNT GLOWIE HUNT!" || *everyone*: "GLOWIE HUNT! GLOWIE HUNT! GLOWIE HUNT!"
atm offers premium anus massages
atm put his wiener in falafel's bun
atm thinks Ikemen means people stanning Eisenhower
atm would never get dominated and pegged by a tan gal with a huge cock
ATM calls himself a "Knight Who Says Ni", but hasn't actually been knighted.
atm called me a stupid weird gooner pervert
ATM's favorite food is warm beef
ATM invented various things including E. coli and /r/Braveryjerk
Dominican atm is clearly just Missouri atm in brownface and acting less gay
"The best things in life are free" WRONG. ATM hole pics $8.99
ATM was the original Texas Roadhouse
Atm created a fork for OBS exclusively for vtubers. It is the most stable and feature complete version out there if you have a live2d or mocopi model. The only quirk is that you cannot share licenses and each license is given out by atm himself upon receiving feet pictures
ATM wants me to write highly explicit ATM x merth literotica
ATM is suing Katy Perry for false advertising and compensation for mental anguish (he kissed a girl and he did NOT like it)
ATM served Merth an Uncrustable filled with seafood paste
ATM will do *anything* for Mardi Gras beads
ATM is releasing his own sourdough starter
ATM’s class went on a field trip to a farm and boy did the animals hate him
Atm got ahold of an ugly stick and hit merth with it and it made Merth look like atm which really made atm question what the meaning of ugly really is
Atm and nerfgunner were playing “nuclear waste disposal” in the Arizona desert with real nuclear waste and they got mutated into one two-headed blob thing that desires human flesh and smells kinda weird
Cool atm fact: if you electrocute him he dies!
Atm pronounces “cracker” with a soft r
“Balls” -atm, pointing at merth’s open fly
ATM answers every question with a story
ATM busting mad rope
ATM's new catchphrase is "The truth is always appropriate". He often uses it after talking about his penis.
ATM is a slavery buff
atm contains over 100,000 books in his brain. They're all yaoi and 19th century race science.
ATM is trapped in a wack-ass crystal prison
atm is not well regarded in the leather kink community!
as Sofa King, atm has the right to fuck any sofa he wants
merth is beginning to regret letting atm babysit his kid
atm only watches the Japanese dubs of American movies with English subtitles
atm got banned from Rent-a-Girlfriend subreddit for having bad taste
atm volunteers as a nurse for recovering amputees cuz after he changes their bandages he can eat the fallen off scab and skin flakes
atm didn't understand the ending to Jurassic Park
atm nicknamed his colon "the scientist factory"
found atm floating face-down in the pool, he seemed to be vibing so I just left him there
atm can drain a keg in under 3 minutes
ATM is your "sex daddy".
ATM thinks doing alcohol and smoking drugs is cool
Merth: Slaktebög isn't funny || ATM: \*eviscerates Jher* || Crowd: \*cheers* || ATM: You were saying? ;J
ATM is so bad at renewing his licenses, registrations and subscriptions he earned the nickname “The Prolapser”
atm runs a knock-off Batman stage show starring "The Ratman" and "The Diddler"
atm only deals meth to white people
ATM is wearing see-through panties today
ATM keeps meticulous track of how he spends his "15 daylight hours" (where does he live that it's so consistently 15 hours???)
When ATM tells his students to "put on their thinking caps", he hands out pickelhaube.
ATM thinks he'll try defying gravity
ATM is an original Marlon Brando (morbidly obese and extremely misogynistic)
Atm got kicked out of middle school for being 30 (and also trying to buy cigarettes from the students)
ATM made a spits/swallows/pukes chart for all the members of this server
ATM has matzah fever
ATM is really mad about that one vocaloid song
atm clicked on далее and his computer caught on fire
Atm ran over an elf with his car
atm is starlord from marvel
ATM grilled and ate Chiikawa
ATM's co-workers are conspiring to get him fired since he won't stop saying "I sure hope it did" whenever someone says the term Bird Flu
ATM’s magical girl weapon is a stapler. A regular office stapler. (The cute and possibly evil creature that grants magical girls their powers hasn’t been doing too well lately)
We were all in the group shower of the server locker room and atm stepped on a bar of soap and comically slid across the floor while waving his arms
Atm gives really bad massages
Atm died in nerfgunner’s hot tub and nerfgunner just added vegetables and made a giant pot of soup
Contrary to popular belief, homosexuality was actually invented by atm in 2003
Atm owns a night club called “The Rave of the Fireflies” that only plays various covers of that stupid Owl City song.
ATM smoked DMT on Joe Rogan’s podcast
ATM is just a sub 80iq third worlder. He's literally too stupid to feel empathy or theorize. He is incapable of understanding something he can't see or feel for himself. Literally a less evolved humanoid.
atm is a deep space elden god that feeds on galaxies
Atm sprays his groceries with the hose before bringing them inside
atm went to the school of hard cocks
@ℒℯ 『ATM』 had a hot night
ATM is an alumnopode, but he's one of the good ones
ATM likes to watch
atm: "hey merth put your hand in this box" || merth: "eh, sure I love Dune" *puts hand in box* "why is it squishy and warm?" || atm: "poopy" 😆
atm is Missouri's autist-in-residence, they keep him in a little cage in the governor's mansion
on his first day in prison atm went up to the meanest looking gang he could find and started acting out scenes from The Office to gain their respect.
A two sentence horror story: || Woman: Ugh, my armpits stink, I sure hope no one is getting off to this || ATM: Hey
atm won't stop touching my penis
atm irons his socks and nothing else every morning
ATM performed the billboard number one hit “Have You Heard (It All Comes Out A Turd)”
ATM has the 100%, Any%, and trespass% speed run for The Lourve
ATM loves Tesler too
ATM says Tesler because he’s so used to using the hard R
ATM gained a 3% damage increase against dwarves after killing 1000 dwarves
*"Frankly, I find those people who claim they’ll help anyone in trouble, no matter who they are, incredibly suspicious. As for me? I only help girls. Why? Because it feels way better to be thanked by a cute girl than by some scruffy dude. Simple as that."* || \- ATM on why he left merth to die in the Mojave desert
ATM is being cocooned by military spiders in the Mojave desert.
ATM has a silver tongue (it's a prosthetic with a built-in vibrator)
ATM only plays goonslop
every year atm plays mario with einstein on white day
ATM had an imaginary friend couple that he talks to about all his important choices
Atm pulled the fire alarm to get out of having to grade his idiot students’ exams
ATM was used to test all the Jackass stunts before the Cast did them
ATM wants to test if black people can breathe underwater
ATM thinks that the holos who chose to have their bellies covered in their 6th fes outfits are secretly whores
ATM is really upset that no ENs got to go in the microwave
ATM named the dudes in the newest NijiEN wave
ATM is something worth fighting for, and that’s why cemeteries are filled with his warriors
Atm invited a couple people from his rejects server to the main server, but they immediately started screaving and making up facts so he kicked them out and never let one of the rejects in again.
all of the official merch for Atm: The Movie 2: Dude Where's My Merth? is painted with lead paint
ATM likes his women like his cigarettes: legally taxed in a carton
atm likes his likes like he likes his likes
atm puts mayo in his oyakodon for the ultimate sacrilege (god cries every time)
ATM brought 1-day blinding stew to the church potluck
atm is incapable of affine transformations
ATM pisses into the wind
ATM can shave your hair dirty hole
atm added the filioque to the Nicene creed
ATM can perform the dim-mak
atm's power level is over 3, barely
If ATM was a woman he'd be a quirk chungus
ATM is too wide
ATM's first wife divorced him cuz he kept flirting with her dad
Atm has a savings account for porn that he named "Edge fund"
Atm exclaiming “this is the worst day anyone’s ever had” after having a particularly bad day on September 10th, 2001 would quickly come back to bite him
atm gets really excited for each new episode of Solo Leveling
atm and merth shared an indirect rimjob via merth's toothbrush
atm works in the Lockheed Martin e-girl division
ATM thinks Fenian blood isn't pure white blood.
ATM was the interlocutor in his travelling minstrel troupe, ATM's Sho' Nuff Black-And-White Mammy's Boys.
ATM has up to one butthole
atm thought "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" was about a lesbian that is really into art films
ATM has several tentacles
ATM taught a lasagna how to reproduce
ATM has several testicles
atm can bring you to orgasm with just a look
ATM has a lot of cucumbers, but without the "cu" or the "bers", if you know what I mean.
atm can neither rock nor roll good so he decided to hip and to hop instead
Atm wishes he had the body of a teenager because these old people merthgor keeps digging up aren’t cutting it for the frankennerf atm is trying to build
Atm has timed his refractory period and set a recurring alarm for it on his phone
ATM knows the truth and is horny for Roko's Basilisk
ATM teaches a class on tax avoision
ATM uses his sick leave for gooning because he thinks it balances his humors
ATM getting a Brazilian butt lift
atm can reality-shift into fantasy Missouri where he can see his friends like Dwarf Merth, Dwarf Nerf, Falafelf and Goblindob
ATM: "uwu I'm a bratty kusogaki that needs correction, za~ko ;3" ||  || Merth: "Adam, you are a 31 year old man, take the trash out and do your taxes please."  ||  || Nerfgunner: "I just spent 20k on an obscure peripheral for the Sega Mega Drive and I am about to lose the house"
"BEHOLD I'VE BROUGHT YOU A GAME!" - atm bringing his game design professor a naked accountant on a leash
Atm pronounces "Bible" like he pronounces Micheal Bublé's last name
"This sucks! I was going to be on it like white on rice!" - ATM being denied entry to Japan.
Uh oh! Atm picked the wrong contact and sent the head of HR an anus pic
ATM is a Sseth superfan
atm acts like he never seen a white person before
atm's signature cocktail for the summer is what he calls a "Florida-Georgia Line" which is a glass if 1:1 orange juice and bourbon
ATM turns off Merth’s laptop to punish him, but somehow Merth keeps turning it back on. ATM remains flummoxed at Merth’s technological prowess
ATM has really greasy pubic hair
Atm wrote at least 6 letters to Nick to complain about how the krabby patty vault never showed up again on the TV show. He thought that was a pretty egregious continuity error
atm thinks Grimm can be used as history
atm thinks his cognizance precludes his nonexistence but it don't
God vibe-coded ATM into existence
atm misunderstood "to become the buddha you must kill the buddha" and just shot Five.
The first compound molecule in the universe was ATM.
atm is a gay black ninja
or else Adam said he'll pay your gf to lady Macbeth you
ATM wishes he was an attractive woman with hairy feet and armpits. Then he'd teach his bullies a lesson they wouldn't forget.
ATM is into time travel, that's why he jacks it to his high school yearbook
ATM loves larping and has a ton of disposable income. That's why he became a prepper.
atm's magical girl familiar is a trucker named Jeff Fubukowski that has some strange thoughts on race
atm is doing his two favorite things: watching 90s anime and picking fights on internet forums
ATM is suing Coomer's Master Baiting Outlet for false advertising
ATM is partially transparent for clarity
If they pay him, ATM will have sex with anyone — even a black person!
ATM was a direct inspiration for one of the characters of the series Spawn
ATM stigmatized my property if you know what I mean
You can pay for ATM through Klarna
ATM thinks there's no point in talking about epistemology or metaphysics because "nerds are fucking gay"
atm grasp exceed grasp
"more like ePISStemology" - atm
ATM eats desiccant packets when it’s too humid so he can keep all his sweat inside of him
a™️ is just having a day™️
atm is just having a day™️
atm is banned from every anime con west of the Mississippi for dressing up as Elon Musk and aggressively hitting on Sailor Mars cosplayers
ATM was severely disappointed to learn that the Blue-Eyes White Dragon is an albino Egyptian woman
Merth: If you need my help, you've only to say the word. || ATM: Codswallop || Merth: No, not that word. || ATM: Adumbrate || Merth: I'm not sure that's a word. || Falafels: Sludgejobpocalypse || Merth: That's horrifying. || ATM: Felch || Merth: Yeah, sure, close enough. It was "please", by the way.
ATM beefed your mom
ATM's favorite decade was the noughties
I'm going to kidnap ATM and remove all his skin!
ATM cannot decide on a profile picture
Atm believes in a rules-based international order
ATM regularily experiences jouissance on a psychogeographical outting by drunk driving through main street
ATM is Vice President of the Life Cereal fan club. Peter Griffin beat him chicken fight style for the role of President.
ATM wants to fuck lunlun so bad.
By the time they got around to recruiting atm, he had to be named "Sailor Space Junk #23798"
atm is allegedly gay
ATM has a cute loli voice... NOT!!!
ATM doesn't use contractions, he thinks they're unintellectual
ATM cries every time you cum
atm is a self-proclaimed homiesexual
ATM only accepts Prager U's interpretation of Frederick Douglass as accurate
ATM soypogs a lot
atm made a fact to test that saving didn't get broken
ATM once graced the world with perfect balance, tipping neither towards light nor shadow, but standing as a beacon of truth.
"The brain's motivation neurotransmitter... dopamine." || *The mic lowered and leg raised* || *ATM presenting butt*
ATM's favorite food is shepherd's pie
atm can't triforce
ATM is from Togo
Merth finally got out of the hospital and atm was waiting outside to put him right back in
ATM was arrested for enjoying a succulent Chinese meal.
ATM is a pixel-stained technopeasant
atm is one of *those* guys (you know the kind)
ATM creates the conditions for you to enjoy gender
ATM is starting the gender wars even though he's a pacifist
ATM is the USS Zumwalt of the gender wars
atm lost the gender wars because of trans zugzwang
ATM is in his sodiummaxxing era
New story for children: ATM and the fucked up fistula
atm designed the softsoap logo
Atm knew.
We are all projections of ATM's imagination. You are atm imagining what it's like to be a loser.
ATM prefers Nozomi to Hikari
atm got hit by a car halfway through his magical girl transformation so now his top half is transformed and he's just naked below the waist
atm got selected as the new Poop which is like the Pope except he inhabits the sewers of Vatican City and has no real power except for disposing of DaVinci Code people
ATM forgot to put his mobile suit into park and accidentally mimed his JO session on the edge of town
ATM killed Brian immediately
30213: Abigail Shapiro || 30214: Ben Shapiro || Real ATM fans will get this || [Valid as of 2025-03-26]
ATM's favorite scientist is a guy called Eugene X
ATM can't stop thinking about Bosse Bögfitta
ATM got that soulslike butthole
Atm has been watching a lot of cartoons lately which inspired him to drop a piano on merth and guess what? It actually worked like it does in the cartoons!
Atm doesn’t believe in private property ownership which is why he steals your blood at night
falafels: "sludgejob? screavejob?" ||  || ATM: "Holy shit dude how about you get a REAL JOB! Also sludgejob all day"
ATM starts every year with a month long chili dog cleanse
ATM runs a bootleg jirai-kei fashion store called PissPizza
ATM writes all of his mafia numbers game losses off on his taxes
ATM eats NesQuik Strawberry Flavored Powder straight from the tub
ATM’s doctor says he has an enlarged heart. That just means he has more love to give!
Please look forward to the official atm biographical manga: ATM Ningen
ATM is on wr pace
ATM can't take a taxi while shapeshifted.
ATM has applied for numerous inker jobs but has yet to be called back after the first interview (he thinks the job is to goon to Splatoon porn)
Atm is wearing clear pants today
There’s a group of elementary school girls that ambush and steal ATM’s lunch money everyday and to be fair to him, they do have guns
atm's online presence is entirely managed by his agency. they even post on discord on his behalf
atm knows a nun named chuck
ATM believes our system of government is working as intended
atm swiped left on you
ATM has been named Lord Protector of the realm
ATM doesn't make any sense
"Hentai-a-go-go, baby!" - Viewtiful ATM
ATM calls everything he likes dog water because he loves drinking dog water
Despite his 700 day learning streak, ATM still doesn't know enough Mandarin to hit on the cute girl at the shop
ATM wants to send 8 year olds to the mines
ATM makes his morning kale smoothie with leachate from his local landfill
atm put a stop to iconoclasm
atm was born in the purple
atm runs on a wasm vm
atm is the queen of the skies
atm is both secretly gay and openly gay, and either is a cover for the other (no one suspects that both are true)
The SEC just closed their investigation into ATM’s Mooncoin rug pull
Everyone's human, except atm.
we are all ignorant instruments of atm's rebellion against the monad, each fact giving him a little more power
atm is composed of body, mind, and piss and shit and cum
atm had space sex with falafels and gave him starcrabs
atm opened a hogseum full of rare hogs
ATM is a chinese lesbian.
atm's parents sent him to a monastery and didn't put a return address on the box
ATM commissioned Kanzarin to draw him and merth.
All ATM's fluids exhibit laminar flow exclusively
atm thinks allies should be able to call themselves "queer"
atm was something akin to the "bisexual Italy" of his high school's Gay-Straight Alliance
ATM is here to kill Chaos
ATM and Grimace were indicted for firebombing Mayor McCheese’s mansion in protest of a new hamburger tax
atm is a cruel mistress
atm was raised Catholic but lowered Muslim
atm isn't into feet or anything like that but he'd be open to experiencing a footjob from a woman wearing black stockings and make sure theres lots of lube so the stockings get that kinda wet shine and also her toenails should be painted red
ATM loves the comedy stylings of Carlos Mencia
ATM stole the Royal Ruby of Aruba
atm held a "Fuck-a-Fan" contest and the only applications he got were from "Fart Simpson," "Shartleby the Screavner" and Merth
You'd think ATM was some kind of accelerationist with the excited way he's talking about stagflation..
ATM can’t be judged by a jury of his peers because deer can’t serve on juries
ATM's drag name is Andslaya Twerkin
ATM believes strongly in carbon sequestration initiatives against anthropomorphic climate change
"Not knowing about Greek mythology is my Cum Boy Z" - ATM
ATM has an average score of 4.87 on wikifeet, with 137 comments
ATM is known as "Tiny" in the adult entertainment industry. Despite what you may think, this name is not ironic
atm wants to post hole but it's against school policy
atm thought that "x-men" meant "the emasculated"
atm is touching on my, rubbing on my, kissing on my, peeeeeeeeeeenis
*atm hitting on a woman*: "I'm recovering from a feeting disorder its like an eating disorder but with feet and I need you to jack me off with your feet to help make me all better"
ATM thinks all fat chicks are sluts
atm works in a factory
ATM has cuteness aggression, too bad there is no one in the server to take it out on.
atm prides himself on being over 70% recyclable
ATM thinks loud = funny
ATM has been recast in "ATM 2: Screave Harder" by Kathleen Kennedy as a diverse woman
ATM has the brainpan of a stage coach tilter
ATM all but collapsed into heaving sobs when confronted with a day where he needed to make 2 phone calls
atm is the absolute trash of humanity and low iq so his opinon on me is about as meaningful as his fantasy worldview
ATM thinks the solar year is the only way to count years and gets really confused by Easter changing days every year
Using the power of God and a weather balloon atm has ascended to heaven
ATM boofs Lemon Pledge
ATM’s entire body of work is just sculptures he made to make fun of me :(
atm reflexively spams f1 despite knowing full well no help will come
atm plapped my ass
ATM sploinkered my doinker
atm spelunked my urethra
atm doesn't know booty about diddly squat
ATM is friends with the Bevin, but the Bevin aren't friends with Merth.
I was wandering around atm's manor and drinking a 40 and rippin' cigs when I came across a room in a weird hallway and in that room nerfgunner was pedaling a bicycle while merth was strapped spread-eagle to a wheel while atm took notes on a clipboard and while I watched nerfgunner pedal and merth spin atm looked at me and said "ok nerf you can stop" and I was like "fuck is he gonna make me pedal that shit?" Then atm told me to put a cig in merth's mouth so I walked over to the upside-down merth and put a lit cig in it then atm was like "ok nerf start" and nerfgunner started pedalin' and merth started spinnin' and atm took notes and they didn't look sad or happy they were just there so I watched for awhile before leaving. ||  || Found some more booze and cigs scattered around the booze and marbs skeletons in his manor. Weird fuckin' place
ATM enters unshored trench excavations for fun
ATM falls asleep listening to fart acceptance hypno
ATM wears the same perfume as his grandmother
atm is an april fool
ATM kidnapped the Queen and trapped her his his basement with no food because he really wanted to see Thin Lizzy perform.
ATM uses Reply All on mass emails to send out reaction images
Atm won't stop squanching at me
atm believes very strongly that anyone should be allowed to wear whatever they like in public without repercussions, which is why he spends his saturdays flashing people at the local park as activism.
ATM reports all his mental anguish from work as OSHA recordable incidents
ATM's mood ring constantly flashes "NEED AN ARMPIT JOB". It must be defective.
ATM tried to fuck a freshly cooked hamburger and got hella burns
Escort missions are ATM’s favorite video game mission format
God made everything but ATM
Atm has declared April 2nd a federal day of mourning (the day new game prices hit $80)
ATM has three modes of movement: slithering, dressage trotting, and crab walking
Crabs return to ATM.
Retail therapy is the only therapy ATM believes in
ATM thinks miscarriages are a skill issue
ATM wishes he was Jessie's girl
atm speaks in single entendres
Archaeologist ATM uses a cartouche douche
atm poopied the bed
In earlier traditions, rather than being opposed to the moon, atm was worshiped as a moon god.
ATM has been injected with bird flu
ATM's new rap name is Boi Problematik
ATM saw his reflection in the snow covered hills.
ATM is seriously an alcoholic
Why does ATM keep insisting he's not a lesbian???
Atm does hardcore pornography
Atm was on the toilet just starting an epic dump when a tornado hit his house and sucked him up so now he’s flying around and shitting in a tornado my god it’s a shitnado! An EF-5 shitnado is destroying the town!
If you gaze too long into ATM's froghole, you will find his froghole goblins gazing back at you
atm wants to get bilateral sequential theta-burst stimulation on his 5-HT1A receptors in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex
ATM has become a billionaire by posting shitty softcore porn comics to /r/comics to promote his patreon
even if you don't give a shit, atm has ways to take a shit from you
atm lost a testicle in his circumcision and a second one in the vasectomy, so he only has three left
atm wears spandex for breakfast
atm vibe-coded an app that lets you stab people in the face over the internet
atm was stabbed in the face to death over the internet after hackers defeated his vibe-coded face-stabbing app
ATM has partnered with Phillips 66 to market his line of 5 Hour Motivational Beverages. First run flavours include Strawberry, Super Chinese Peanut Butter, and Banana.
I wish atm was real
ATM is personal friends with will.i.am
ATM loves doing Parkour, or what he calls “IRL Kaizo Platforming”
atm's special "Eye of the Tornado" attack involves him spinning around and then making intense eye contact
atm visited Europe and only ate lunch meat and kitkat bars the entire time
Atm wishes he had a pussy but he’s banned from the animal shelter
"She be'd jumpin' all up 'n down all over me nuts 'n penis" ATM, describing the sexy sex he sexed last night.
ATM has seen every member of his discord naked in public
ATM know more about manufacturing than anyone else on the planet
ATM snorts wasabi when he’s nervous
ATM pronounces ChatGPT "Chattagaputa"
ATM has gone woke. Dark woke
atm called the amberlamps
ATM's relationship is just loveslop
atm wants to fuck you in the butt
atm never needs to sharpen his knives, no matter how many cuts he makes
ATM: The Movie 3: Merth vs Nerfgunner was widely panned as "terrible" and "gross" but did get some positive reviews for its realistic depiction of gay sex
Every turd ATM plops is perfectly double tapered
atm is both a right cunt and a left cunt
Atm constantly needs perfume because his natural aroma is enough to make empires fall
atm's bad at math
atm's mad at bath
adam moon and the shithole shibboleth
ATM has investors from multiple discords for his texel guinea pig wool farm
ATM flooded Cain's pants
ATM is worrying everyone by saying he's going to "lowtax" himself (he's committing tax fraud)
atm was sent to Hell for being a bad person!
atm just burned down a merphanage (its a home for merth's who are no longer needed for atm facts)
ATM made a name for himself on the internet as a donut influencer
Awkward: ATM Is A Slavetarded Mongrel
ATM was the only product tester for Lunchables: Sea Food Platter
ATM refuses to stop using the US Survey Foot and is off by 1/500,000 for every measurement
Atm: The Anime Season 3 was literally just a PowerPoint
ATM can and will fix you
ATM does weird roleplay
ATM bought the dip. ATM is homosexual.
atm screaves in japanese
"7.8/10 Too much water" - ATM reviewing Atlantis for his travel site
Every time you get that unsettling feeling that someone is watching you, that means ATM is using his therm-optic camouflage to creep on you.
Economy so bad even ATM's feet are unemployed.
ATM is a 17 year old born in the Heisei era.
ATM Fucks, Fights, and Farts hard as fuck: ||  || He Fucks up everything, no matter what. || He Fights back tears whenever anyone disagrees with him. || He Farts oily swamp gas all day, every day.
ATM’s in plane flexural strength is much lower than his astral plan flexural strength
ATM died during the 1915 Gallipoli Goon-off
ATM is a PANICAN
pride comes before the fall and atm came on us all
atm's students whined too much about having to read literature so now he's making them read fanfic
atm is his school's D.A.R.E. officer and heroin dealer
ATM is a surface retarder
atm, merth and nerf were out walking in the city when suddenly a gang of thugs demanded all their money, electronics and jewels! This couldn't stop the Super Friends Squad (nerf and merth) though who used the power of friendship to kick atm in the knees and run away
ATM yearns for the day snow bunny was about raceplay
Atm is employed
Atm screams "oppression" when you make fun of him
Atm watched Perfect Days and was inspired to visit and ruin every public bathroom in Tokyo
ATM is snowing outside even though it's April
ATM wants to keep us all barefoot and pregnant
atm made a list of all the server members and what music genre a song about their life would be, you'll absolutely guess which one is nu metal
atm and merth came at the same time and their ropes met in the middle and they both screamed as they blasted rope after rope until one's cum overcame the other and atm frosted merth with a deluge of sperm
atm is drunk off the spunk
atm's swimsuit covers more skin than his regular outfit
ATM is the archetypal stupid american
Atm keeps saying he’s using “snow bunny mind control” on Jhonty which to be fair he kinda is cuz saying that caused Jhonty to stroke out
ATM doesn't just fuck he has feelings
ATM wraps himself in wet burlap before he goes to sleep
ATM's first word was every word possible all at once
ATM is rendered really shittily
atm is a Zirl these days due to woke
Most guys: "more" || ATM: "additionaplus"
ATM is in his rape era
ATM shits himself every time he seethes
ATM CAN just say "perchance"
ATM always sucks desperately on a chikuwa while masturbating
ATM is an OnlyFans whore
ATM can't survive in the wild
atm tripped and fell into the bonfire and all his friends just kept throwing stuff in to keep him from escaping
atm's mom tried to abort him last week
ATM named his pet human "homo"
They call him ATM because he’s All The Man you can handle™
ATM can survive for three weeks in the wild drinking nothing but Bear Grylls' piss
@ℒℯ 『ATM』 thinks dogs should not vote
atm used regedit to fix his computer when she came out as trans to him
ATM is like a pack of chimps in a supermarket
Atm once got high and sleeved merth into a magic deck.
Merth just DM'd me to call ATM an ugly whore
ATM comes with a backup alarm
ATM brought back the dire wolves (sired an illegitimate puppy with a husky)
ATM loves public transit and that is why he always runs the train on people
ATM: Da Rapper has a song called "Bean Streets" thats 15 minutes long because in the middle of it theres a recording of him eating a can of beans while listening to voicemails from debt collectors and his ex-wife
atm's pronouns died. Gas leak.
ATM can use his thaumaturgy to get you money, but asks for money beforehand for some reason
Store ATM in a cool, dry place
ATM has your order and will deliver it to you shortly.
ATM makes the rules.
atm was executed for heterodoxy
ATM ate the whole thing
I'm glad ATM died before the advent of MeToo. I would hate to see his legacy soured like that.
ATM won't stop saying midget
atm is diabetic
ATM mercy killed merth
ATM hates the idea of people becoming the Joker when the Riddler is far superior
ATM is a saberface
unfortunately atm is making omorice
ATM created the earth to be a prison for really annoying people
ATM's footsies are strong but he keeps dropping combos
ATM's top 3 movies of all time are Blazing saddles, Django Unchained and Birth of a Nation
ATM can peel a banana with his mouthpussy
Atm thinks the only way to make people emotionally resilient is to be really mean to them as children
"Welcome home @massa, would U like 🅱️a🇫? Or 🅱️unch? Or... screafers my?" - ATM, yesterday
ATM has SOVL unlike the sovlless sloppenheimer merth
ATM gets visibly angry when someone uses "BCE" instead of "BC".
atm: "hey merth guess what? I installed a plane horn on my car!" || merth: "that doesn't make sense planes don't have horns" || atm: "yeah sometimes I just say shit lol"
atm's elementary school was too poor to afford rope so they just used atm for tug-o-war during field day
ATM was intensely, vocally against integration.
atm figured out what was actually important way too late
Atm has inverted nipples (in terms of color)
Every time atm sees an anus he says "I've seen enough hentai to know where this is going!" out loud
"Edit: wow I can't believe my highest updooted comment is about apartheid" ATM's highest rated reddit post, sitting at -145 on r/Christianity
Atm has a shirt that said Womb Raider in the tomb raider font
atm has never smelt a whiff of existence
ATM has secret backdoor access to every government computer and uses it solely to plant Marcos on people's desktop
ATM has the means (big dick) and access (mega rizz)
Atm absorbs the pronouns of everyone he defeats in battle
Atm is the cause of your misfortune, kill him with a sword
atm chose the wrong nipple 😔
ATM has a poison cyanide pill in his rear molar he will use when he’s finally had enough of Falafel’s screaving and sludgejobs
Dey call atm da mayor of gettin’ fucked in da ass!
ATM's favorite pizza topping is tomatoes
atm's poops are perfect and he never needs to wipe
ATM got his hands on one of those Phantom cameras and is starting a youtube channel The Homo Guys
ATM is petitioning Congress to make March 24th the Day of the Expanding Man
ATM is agitated
ATM drinks like a man and fucks like a horse
At the end of the day, atm deflates merth and nerf then rolls them up and puts them away
ATM is a labor agitator (he annoys laborers on the job with his shitty Vaporwave mix)
Atm and merth are doing that stupid couples thing where they each have a hand in the other’s back pocket
atm unlocked the racism tech tree just to farm hate more efficiently
Everyone is always thinking about atm at all times. If you stop thinking about ATM, you die.
ATM described WIll Farrel as "unpalatably ugly" in his review of Elf
Atm built a tunnel leading to his septic tank so he can experience chocolate rain
atm leases his septic tank to other connoisseurs
Every morning ATM says a prayer: || “God grant me the serenity to accept the Falafels I can’t change, the courage to change the Supergauntlets I can, and the Merth to know the difference.”
atm wants to boil the dirt under your fingernails and drink it
atm eats the corn husk on tamales
Atm was tasked with helping a village of elven maidens reproduce but he refused because he's too racist
atm never knows if he'll be having hot-brewed or cold-brewed that day (his coffee machine is tsundere)
Atm is the Sampson of collecting foreskins
After bills, ATM has about -600 dollars left over every month
zombies ate atm's neighbors
ATM is so unhygienic, every time he gets dewormed they find a new species 😂
ATM is considered poorly indurated
The 4chan hacks revealed ATM was the biggest poster by dick size.
Atm just busted in the wrong hole
ATM is something of a chicken jockey himself
ATM keeps threatening to take falafels to the glue factory
Merth: "dude they busted up a huge child trafficking ring" || *atm imagining children driving cute little children cars stuck in traffic in a roundabout* || Nerfgunner: "its kinda weird we can see his thoughts" || Merth: "Yeah and I don't have the heart to correct him"
Whenever ATM slides in to someone’s DMs, his first message is “Care to flirt?”
Atm always gets the zoomies and sprints across the house after he poops
ATM was selected to be the United Nations Special Envoy for Furry relations
ATM bleeds if you hit him soft enough
atm poops if you hit him hard enough
atm grilled and ate that backspace
All of ATM's friends are very smart and cultured
atm killed the radio star
ATM took bread, and blessed *it*, and brake *it*, and gave *it* to the disciples, and said, "Take, eat; this is my body." And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave *it* to them, saying, "Drink ye all of it; For this is my cum of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins."
ATM is the equivalent of a polio victim in Treblinka
ATM is to time what Gallium is to Aluminum
New meme by ATM: Monkey nuts
atm is playing gameboy advance on the nintendo switch
atm is bimodal
it wasn't atm's fault
Atm got aborted during his last 4 reincarnation cycles
atm discovered extraterrestrial life (his penis is really long)
Atm rewards the just and punishes the wicked
atm won't hire people with tattoos because he says it shows a lack of long-term thinking
atm takes 3 hour lunches
You are surrounded by atm at all times
ATM wears masks of us all
ATM is the most notorious cultivator in the multi-verse. Risen to power and insight from the rarest spirit herbs and treasures; stolen and secreted away. <:butt:422875719308279808>
ATM is best boiled in butter
ATM calls video games starring children "cunny games"
atm went to a Lil Jon and The East Side Boyz concert and during "Real Nigga Roll Call" Lil Jon looked directly at atm and said "not you"
atm contains eggs (merth laid them while atm was sleeping)
"I'm sorry ma'am but we don't buy those anymore" -the scrapyard attendant to atm's mom
ATM is credited as the creator of the anchovy pizza
Atm slurps tuna juice
atm drinks three cups of buttermilk with dinner every night
atm's not gay but when he looks at naked dudes he gets horny and jacks off
all of atm's pants have robust leachate collection systems built in
did you know that atm has spent $72,000 on csgo skins?
atm's wife left him because he kept drawing her as a wojak whenever they argued. He didn't stop in the divorce court proceedings either.
atm is an abstract complex-valued function in a high-dimmensional configuration space
atm wants to celebrate easter but he's not a bunny
atm celebrates Easter by scalping hams in the Schnucks parking lot
ATM bears witness (he’s a witness for ursine marriages)
ATM uses but a single sheet per wipe
ATM doesn't just hate pronouns. He hates all grammar concepts. This is why Proverbs is his least favorite book of the Bible
ATM's number is blocked by the Paw Patrol because he would keep calling them to model for his NSFW Furry Deviantart page
ATM is @notkazusa on twitter
ATM is an independent girl.
ATM be hitting the Kasamatsu Ondo at the family function.
ATM uses AI to generate Guitar Hero tracks of random noises to test his skills
ATM uses lit incense sticks as sounding rods
ATM is a street creature of easy virtue
atm is facing unforeseen consequences after failing to pay $3.99
Man goes to doctor. Says he's depressed. Says life seems harsh and cruel. Says he feels all alone in a threatening world where what lies ahead is vague and uncertain. Doctor ATM says, 'Treatment is simple. Look at gaming memes'
ATM is gaming memes
Merth: Hey || ATM: Hey || Merth: So can you return my lawnmower? || ATM: Deadblackpersonsayswhat? || Merth: What? || ATM: \*Cocks gun that shoots black paint and also normal bullets*
ATM wants to FUCK komorebi
Pee on ATM's butt, call that a golden hind
atm wants to capsicum in your capsibum
atm works in HR at the CIA
atm doesn't like merth very much
Atm tripping and falling headfirst into a breaker box was surprisingly effective electroshock therapy
ATM is a facist. He steals people's faces.
ATM went mad when he saw a fish that was larger than average
atm makes a wet noise when he transforms
ATM goes pun pun when he's mad
atm just exploded and his severed hand just pimp-slapped merth
atm choked on a hotdog and died before he could take to the field in his first Minor League Baseball game with the Hickory Crawdads and they just left his corpse in the dugout for like a week
atm's pitch to rename "I Can't Believe Its Not Butter" to "No Cap FR? This shizz ain't butter??" was not well received
ATM is pregnant with meaning and gaming memes
atm can't hold back anymore
atm's mind palace burned down because he kept the mind oily rags pile too close to the mind overloaded power strip
ATM loves stretching after working out... "stretching" his asshole after "working out" a deal with the uber driver!!
ATM racked up millions of dollars in debt funding  advanced research to make a substance that will make anything taste like spoiled milk
ATM says “time to make the donuts!” Before every time he has sex
Atm is neither a spitter nor a swallower but something much darker
atm's thighs have a mind of their own
Most guys: Love gaming || ATM: Also loves gaming || Yep, he's Just One Of The Guys!
ATM got a Sc.D in Snack Studies with an emphasis on treats from hamburger university
Atm wants to be in between your thighs
Atm and merth have been working on a synchronized swimming routine all winter that is sure to “wow” at the server pool party next month
Atm has released a centimerth! True to its name it’s 100 merths operating in parallel inside of 100x larger merth body. What? Did you think it was gonna be a long merth with a ton of legs? Get real, atm respects language
ATM is rectangular
ATM was driven mad, self-castrated, and transformed into a tree.
Let's just say ATM fist-fucked your dad... AGAIN!
atm hopes to be a bed of warmth for you
atm longs for your embrace
atm has done a LOT of animal husbandry, if you know what I mean
ATM has been to both the highest and lowest points on earth, simultaneously
ATM lost eight patients on the operating table
ATM was sent by God to make music. Not good music, unfortunately.
ATM wants to be trapped between double onee-sans
ATM is willing to do whatever it takes to get you into a new car today
ATM’s mom still sets playdates for him
Atm just quickly walked past while gripping a bun-less hotdog and muttering
Don’t talk to atm until he’s had his morning coffee mug filled to the rim with whiskey
atm is a world-famous horticulturist
A tree fell on ATM’s Volkswagen Beetle so now it looks like he’s driving a butt
Atm circumcised the weinermobile
The conversation structure and NPC reactions in Oblivion are based on interactions with ATM. They weren't able to fully capture his awkwardness, sadly
I opened ATM’s closet and an avalanche of empty beer bottles spilled out
ATM has amnesia
atm is always saying shit like "wow mamacita i would dunk you in hot screave any day of the week"
atm discovered the most efficient way to pack eggs into merth's microwave and hit 9 a bunch of time
ATM is trauma bonded with his toilet after the time he tried making sushi at home
atm has a resting fartrate of 90 BPM (Braps Per Minute)
Atm can adjust the height of his knees and he does it to fuck with pitchers
atm finds you conspicuous
atm does pronoun circles to prove he's woke
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it" -atm, on sterilizing the poor
atm is the kind of hr guy who gives you a beer you can chill and vent in his office while the game is on
atm has several additional eyes
atm prefers walrus milk on his lucky charms
atm is CEO of your butt
atm drinks 4 shower beers a day
atm got kicked out of his own discord server
ATM is albino
ATM's butthole has a severe lack of input validation
Atm has Mormon eyes
ATM is bicunnilingual
Atm starred in a porn parody as a ranger named Cum and Ride Her
atm doesn't memorize any formulas and just derives them when necessary
ATM is a burger
ATM is pitching a new supervillain to DC Comics to appeal to modern audiences called The Rizzler
atm's favorite candy would be a buttertoe (butterfinger to us) if they didn't get stuck in his teeth so bad
As the maelstrom swirled || ATM watched his poop disappear || A single tear joined it
Pythagoras also had a theorem of ATM, which has since been lost
"yeah I'm minus-sized which is why I'm attracted to fat bitches" -atm, worst person I've ever met in my life
ATM listens to podcasts with the subtitles on
atm saw a wiener dog in a hotdog costume and started crying because he finally saw true beauty
ATM says "folx"
did you know that @ℒℯ 『ATM』's first job out of high school was door to door panini press salesman?
ATM has to anneal his asshole every other turd since it work hardens
ATM be like "don't crud my cum"
atm pronounces "et cetera" with a hard k
in 2010 atm briefly worked as an editor for ascii media works. it is thought that during that time he instilled in takemiya yuyuko the idea for the character ghost tada banri
ATM is putting his isekai reincarnation web novel on hiatus to focus on his banished from the hero party web novel
ATM is in a platonic relationship with a succubus.
I was having sex with atm and neither of us orgasmed
All of Hieronymus Bosch's paintings were inspired by ATM's pubes.
I walk into the club, I get my drink from the bar, I greet my boys, the music is thumping, it is dark, the people are dancing, I see atm from across the room, he's dancing, we lock eyes, he keeps dancing and staring at me, I move towards him, he moves towards me, he has the eyes of a hunter, I'm ready to be his prey, he slips on the floor, he cracks his head open, the vibe is ruined, I remember I'm straight, I leave the club, the paramedics enter the club
ATM wears size 30x32 pants
ATM’s birth stone is coal
in the bedroom, atm wears size 69x69 pants ;)
Most guys' catchphrase: Yabba-dabba-doo! || ATM's catchphrase: crud ahh plimb
ATM always carries a bottle of brandy for medicinal purposes (it's a remarkable restorative)
ATM is AI generated
ATM knows where he is because he knows where he isn’t
"this is one of the cuntiest songs ever btw try not to say mother challenge failed" - ATM on Perfume by Takanashi Kiara
Cygames refuses to add ATM’s racehorse, Justified War Crimes, to the game
atm absorbed all four of his twins in the womb
*atm finishing his karaoke song and scoring 95 points* || Jhonty: “you know, that might’ve been a perfect 100 if you hadn’t insisted on using a hard-r every time”
Most guys: Hello || ATM: Crud ahh plimb on that screave :BAHEAVES: || Yep, he's weird!
ATM's favorite Hololive ship is "noefla"
Whenever ATM starts bombing at a standup show, he just does the “keep on truckin’” walk across the stage
atm developed a gaydar app that uses AI to tell how gay a person is
atm's lesser-know fear of spoons has kept him away from heroin
ATM gets an off-screen "oi oi oi" from a Japanese man during moments of high tension in his life
Atm informs local geologists that they're about to get a false positive on their seismographs every time he goes for a goon sesh
Atm lost his job as a jockey after he goatse'd his horse because he heard the race official say "Head to your starting gape"
atm owns the admin@com email address
Atm's favorite bird is the massive tit fucker
ATM learned to drive from Crazy Taxi. Coincidentally, he is barred from being a driver for Uber or Lyft
Atm drank from the magical fountain, stealing the might of the goddess, strength enough to beat off 100 men
atm is above the law
ATM is joining Lazulight as its third member, replacing Pomu Rainpuff
ATM is considering changing his name to Laszlo Twinkgrease.
Most guys: I like to eat DEAD black people and have sex with LIVING black people || ATM: 😈
atm is just an asset flip
Merth: "I'm my own worst enemy" || ATM: "You should try cock and ball torture, really helps change your perspective on stuff" || Merth: "What? Help me fight Nega-Merth" || Nega-Merth: "WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I LOVE THE THINGS MERTH HATES WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO" || Merth: "I hate that guy" || Nega-Merth: "Oh my god" || *Atm, getting his genitals stomped on by nega-atm*: "WOOOOOOOOOOOO" || Nerfgunner: "This is a terrible extended bit"
Atm puts the kum in Kumarine
Atm saves money on his commute by making “pulling teacher’s carriage like horses” a graded assignment
ATM died yesterday (madoka magica reference)
ATM is a retarded cuck
Atm gasted supergauntlet's flabber
Atm joins ARMA role-play groups and roleplays sucking off people while in transport vehicles
Atm got toxic shock syndrome
ATM devoured a horse
ATM thinks toilet humor is a psyop by Big Crud
*atm playing Arknights*: "Dude I got hit hard by that snowbunny mind control. That FrostNova doing thangs to me" || Merth: "dude you have to give him this one" || Jhonty: "ok but he said 'thangs'"
its atm's first week as a "succubus coordinator" and he thought this was gonna be way more sexy and wacky and way less underpaid executive assistant! Also who keeps ordering "racist office lady gyaru"?
ATM best Bobby Flay! He made his signature Crawfish Étouffée with collard greens, and pummeled Bobby with a cast iron pan when he decided to make crispy rice *again*
atm is full of farts
Atm is known as the Edmonton Oilers Oiler
ATM only uses illegal building techniques when he makes his Lego MOCs
ATM is tormented by ghosts everywhere he goes. What had been a silly party game one evening changed his destiny after his furious Ouija boarding made a demon cum
atm is neither here nor there
ATM grilled and ate Chef Prudhomme
atm was fired from his job for being quite bad at it
Atm drives the speed limit 'cause there's drugs in the car
ATM invented the boba corn dog but can't figure out what to dip it in
atm is coming
atm is applied subcutaneously
atm is in a committed relationship with a man. A man named Jesus Christ ✝️ 🙏
ATM is a sunny poster
atm's feet make a loud wet smacking noise whenever he walks barefoot
atm is fat free! Winter is coming, he will not be surviving
90% of atm's acting credits are for "wehrmacht soldier"
Wowzers! Atm got kicked in the head by a horse!
Atm broke the world record for “most incest anime watched in one week”
"I'll have the chicken lo mein and can we get some eda-mommy too? Hahaha" -ATM  *grinning nudge nudge* "..." *cuda deadpan face*
All of ATM's "original" RPG campaigns are written by generative AI
Despite everyone's best efforts to stop him, ATM still recorded a reggae album
atm's only facebook friend for about 6 months was his school's vice principal
ATM’s wagyu beef farm went out of business after it came out the beef he was selling has fat streaks painted on the cuts
ATM will be performing Jack Black's *Lava Chicken* for his students tomorrow, in full "Steve" costume!
scientists hypothesize the existence of false atm facts
Atm picked up cigarettes because he wanted to ask his British friends for a smoke
Due to how weird he is about people seeing him shirtless, ATM's "bathing suit" area is pretty much his whole body
adam saw "pit" and got interested
atm is a heliocentrist cuz he really likes the sun
JFK was the first catholic president. ATM will be the last.
atm is trying to get his city to build a suspended railway mass transit system because "thats what they have in Oreimo" and he spent an entire city council meeting explaining the plot of Oreimo
ATM has greasy cum
Most guys: I am NOT a retarded cuck with super AIDS || ATM: 😈
ATM beat his swords into ploughshares
ATM thinks dark woke is when you say racial slurs but don't mean it
Atm pronounces sci-fi as "sky-fee"
"Oh, so I should have to run every word I say by you before I say it? The government should be able to break into my house and arrest me for saying words alone in my own house?" - ATM, age 5, being told not to call people the n-word.
ATM took his gf on a date to a suffragette meeting (he doesn't know they can vote)
Atm makes and sells erotic origami at the farmers market
Most guys, including merth: Chinese people be like "ching chong ding dong" || ATM, a woke studies scholar: Actually, chinese people be like "春古斯先生喝光了我所有的马奶"
"Most guys: \*are born in hospitals\* || Jesus: \*was born in a cruddy ahh manger bed*" || \- Youth pastor ATM teaching Christianity through funny memes
atm got massive dosh
ATM is the patron saint of black people
ATM is the Missouri Buzkashi champ 10 years in a row
atm's o-face looks like this 🤪
ATM won a James Beard award for his southern comfort style restaurant “Braphouse”
ATM likes the idea of a much more traditional hot tub
ATM is a cobbler for vtubers
ATM ate all the Cavendish bananas
Atm is getting heated over streamer drama. He can't believe Luke50yen said all this stuff about MedievalBobby
Atm grilled and ate the Buddha
atm ate the royal jelly and became a queen
atm can't be racist against italians (skill issue)
atm pood in the peel
like atm? try him cheddar-blasted!
atm's business card is 6'x9'
How many ATMs does it take to screw a lightbulb? Only one but he prefers 2 so he can spitroast the bulb
Taking notes from The Artist Formerly Known as Prince, ATM will now be referred to as <:screave_bucket:733442759691862086>
ATM keeps texting me his feet are smelly and it's making me uncomfortable
ATM makes soulless music by sucking the souls of musicians out and replacing it with screve
ATM's Super Mario Rpg inspired Wines and Spirits production line was shut down pretty quickly after he suggested making a cider for Geno
Australian ATM be like "Oi, get those cruddy ahh plimbers off the barbie mate, innit!"
Normal guys doing a dyslexia impression: "hey gyus hlelo" || ATM doing a dyslexia impression: "I HAVVE DOSLAXXE"
ATM is guileless and easy to read
atm's theme goes with everything
List of guys who know what a dog is: || - Merth || - Phat || - Cuda || ATM does **NOT** know what a dog is!!
ATM lost one of his virginities to the Buc-ee’s Beaver
ATM is waiting to receive his PEGI rating
ATM has a peg leg of flesh and bone, grown from sampled tissue on the side of a pig
atm is terminally ill and will die soon!
atm walked into the room wearing blackface
ATM would probably be comedically bad at paizuri.
atm has very carefully raised all his children to develop their personalities into various anime archetypes
atm has been converted to a PDF for your convenience! This PDF document requires an Adobe Acrobat Premium Subscription, please upgrade to premium to view this atm
atm got fat balls
atm sold the "m" in his name to Brasil, its Brasilm now and he used the money to buy the 9s from the Social Security Administration so he's at9 now
atm just swallowed a medium-sized child whole!
atm married the elder of two sisters and made his sister-in-law call him "onii-chan". then after his wife's passing, he married the younger sister, and made her keep calling him "onii-chan" after marriage
atm has dozens of cousins
When atm went to Japan he got mistaken for a kappa
ATM's religious tech start-up/Mexican food truck "AI Pastor's Al Pastor" has shut down due to the AI Pastor anointing merth as the new Pope.
Atm is trying to reinvent himself as “a guy with bad tastes in anime” this year and so far it’s not working because he doesn’t actually watch anime
Atm is riding a motorcycle with no helmet!
Idk man I’m just getting kinda sick of atm lately I guess? Wait fuck this isn’t a dm uhhhhh atm slipped in a puddle outside a gas station and fell face first onto a nozzle and inflated with $713 worth of gas and they made him be a human gas pump because he couldn’t afford to buy that much gas and now being a gas pump is all he knows and he can’t return to the human world so he continues to wander the highways serving as a human gas pump until people get sick of his shit and run him out of town like an ogre that dispenses gas from his penis
Whenever atm takes a particularly smelly shit, he thinks to himself "this is truly the best timeline"
Leo XIV is the name of ATM's cop only final fantasy raid group
ATM thinks the Mandela effect is a real thing and evidence of parallel realities
ATM forgot the actual title of JJK and now thinks it's "Jajookie"
atm: "down bad alert! lmao" || nerfgunner: "dude call an ambulance, merth hit his head really hard I can see brains"
ATM has long-term covid
Several cultures use ATM as a fertility amulet
ATM lost his second grade spelling bee in the final round misspelling antidisestablishmentarianism
atm prefers top management and bottom management
atm is doing weird sex stuff
atm erps with grok
atm keeps asking Rice Shower to circumcise him with her knife
ATM gives toothy blowjobs
ATM is trying to invent Gaming Sex
ATM thinks having sex with a black person would be problematic because of the power dynamics
atm's like SO hyped for the destruction of humanity
atm put a gun in his mouth and started eating it
Atm bases his entire personality around saying people base their entire personality around something
ATM is moister than an oyster
atm doesn't understand the difference between "social justice" and "mob justice"
ATM still calls breasts 'jugs"
Atm is a Mind Wanderer (can't stop his mind from wandering)
Atm got Asmodeus drunk and bound him in chains to find the location of the Shamir
atm has a late night show on public access where he teaches children how to do some rather unsavory stuff, like speaking French
atm's vigorous top bunk masturbating  caused the bunkbed collapse, trapping both merth and nerf under the rubble
for Golden Week, atm's entire body is gold haha! His liver is failing he's going to die
Atm looks good all ways
ATM is served with A1
Atm shaped his own cognitive structure
atm has been getting really into public masturbation recently
Most guys: I love fisting my own asshole  || ATM: I love fisting my own asshole  || Yep, he's one of the guys 😎
atm is too stupid to figure it out, but he doesn't let it bother him
atm was cancelled for bass-boosting his fart recordings
Atm is a breedable twink that can get pregnant
ATM hydrates regularly
atm's urine has corn syrup in it
atm's corn syrup has urine in it
In the end, all atm hopes for is to be a bed of warmth for you
Atm is simultaneously the Pope and not the pope
Atm spent $15,000 on star citizen
atm is an evil and vindictive spirit, a bogeyman of sorts whose favorite sport is drowning humans
ATM gets drunk at the pond with his cat and all the small animals his cat brings in to him as gifts
ATM gets FUCKED at the GAY BAR with his GAY BOYFRIEND and all the GAY PROSTITUTES his GAY BOYFRIEND brings to him as gifts
Atm lasted three rounds against Goku
"Sit your cruddy ahh ass down or I'm sending you to detention!" || \- ATM to an unruly student
ATM has invoked the Wrath of Sithis
There is always a 20% chance of ATM crashing out and going sicko mode.
a hug from atm is hard to describe but I'd say its akin to falling into a dumpster full of used diapers and chestnuts
atm lost chess to a dog once, please be respectful of that fact
ATM is a needy beta
Gaming: \*is awesomesauce* || ATM: [dark voice] hey gaming... || Gaming: What? || ATM: [normal voice] your awesome!!
ATM doesn't understand the things I say on twitter.
Merth sings Happy Birthday to ATM à la Marilyn Monroe every year
ATM wants to get in a k-hole and he ain't talking ketamine.
"Keep it in your pants." || \- ATM on shit
ATM is a sink drinker
atm said the Lord spoke to him through a burning Bush but I think those were just George's screams of agony
ATM hates thin mints. Coincidentally he's also a member of Asskickers United
atm has never made eye contact with a woman
ATM isn't problematic, he's problema-chic!
bitches hate atm's mustache
ATM's pet shih tzu, Inigo Montoya, had to be destroyed after it bit ATM on the peanus.
ATM’s spit is apotropaic
"I  support black women" - ATM after giving 50000 yen to a tanned gyaru
“420 smonk thap bleeeg” -atm, stroking out
Atm will suck you off for free
Every beer ATM pours looks like if socialism was a beer
ATM used too much power fighting merth and turned into a child
ATM's gf: Heeelp I'm being murdered by a werewolf || ATM: Hold on I'm fisting my own asshole
ATM says he has his own car but I think he's full of shit
ATM doesn't know what "ahh" means, and keeps using it incorrectly. He just told me "this movie is cruddy, cruddy ahh"
ATM's iPad lock screen has an image of an anime girl in a school swimsuit who is pissing herself
Atm has had a Barbie doll head rattling around his left lung since 1997
Fixupx? No? Then surely Fixvx? Not that either? Girlcockx? It can't be Hitlerx, right? No, ATM uses Cunnyx.
"*Speed* is to female bus drivers what *Jaws* is to sharks." || \- ATM on Sandra Bullock
atm is tightly knit
atm's balls are inert
ATM dunked merth in milk and sucked the milk from his hair
ATM is NOT rockin with sex tourism
atm grilled and ate all the queef residue
"Gaming, uh, finds a way." || \- ATM
"TIL the Turkish name for Family Guy is Güfamil, and it's President Erdogan's favorite show!" || \- ATM, posting on r/todayilearned
Host: "Next we'll go to Merth to discuss our next topic 'does atm get enough fiber?' Merth, your opinion?" || Merth: "Thanks for having me Tucker, big fan of the show! Anyway, as the foremost expert on atm's bowel movements I can definitively say that atm is NOT getting enough fiber. Instead of firm little turds my bed is covered in sloppy, nasty wet poop." || Tucker Carlson: "Would you say this is the fault of immigrants?" || Merth: "No but its probably the devil's doing" || Tucker: "The devil once attacked me in my sleep" || Merth: "Yes I too have drank too much while watching Rosemary's Baby"
atm lost a rap battle to nerfgunner, turns out listening to rap rock is good training
ATM uses "nifty" when talking about NFTs
atm is drunk and belligerent
Most guys: My favorite holiday is  Day of the Day || ATM: My favorite holiday is They of /Them
ATM is seriously considering not covering the Eurovision this year.
ATM has a body like a back road
Turns out atm is a rave slut
Atm holds open masturbation contests every Wednesday
atm has been in a coma for 3 months and merth has a full head of hair again
atm would rather get merthered by falafels than to get falafellated by merth
*atm walking into merth's kitchen*: "whats up? || *throws a pack of hotdogs to nerfgunner*: "So the other day I-" || *sticks his hand in the garbage disposal and turns it on while maintaining unblinking eye contact with merth as blood and gore spurts about until it finally jams near his elbow*: "-saw a homeless person get hit by a bus lmao"
Imagine Dragons: ♫ I'm waking up to ash and dust ♫ || ATM: ♫ I'm jacking off to piss and cum ♫
atm took a vow of silence which apparently doesn't apply to posting so unfortunately we still have to deal with his shit
ATM called phat n[s[le]r]r
atm started a food fight in the server cafeteria by whipping an unopened can of soda at merth's head, killing him instantly
ATM has Incontrovertible proof that Aliens have visited Earth (they gave him his anal probe results on MyChart)
Old West Atm is wanted dead or alive preferably dead or at least unable to talk
atm never had ice cream, the abortion didn't take but he's lactose intolerant
Atm invented something he calls “the negative alphabet”
ATM started calling the fattest kid in his class chunk-boy
ATM is deeply in love with... Bosse Bögfitta!?
If ATM was a tsukumogami user from *Tsugumomo*, he would use a Dead Black Person tsukumogami.
ATM thinks "black" is a slur
The way atm uses it, "black" is a slur
Atm asks the subway employees to "Sexually humiliate" his sandwich as they prepare it
Due to some oaths he's taken, atm may only east oats for breakfast. He can also only listen to Hall & Oates when it comes to music
ATM's air freshener in his car has a "New cock smell" scent
Atm has been developing software for the working class but the name Prole Apps causes confusion
They call atm Steamboat Willy the way he makes his dong whistle
ATM in bakeoff like "I'm making a plimbus shortbread with a cruddy ahh raspberry filling"
merth and nerfgunner just got out of prison and their parole officer is...atm?? This summer only on NBC watch "My Parole Officer is a Moron!"
atm works the snack table during executions
atm's heart will not go on becasuse the steer column smashed it but his head stopped rolling about a quarter mile away!
**ATM Guide** || pronouns — they/them || height — 164/5'4.5'' || sexuality — Gaming! || sign — Scorpio || piercings — Ears (mommy expected me look more girly but turn out more gay) || tattoos — ❌ || fav drink — horse milk || fav food — ethnic cookout || fav animal — deer || mbti — INTJ || relationship — 🆓 🇺💲 🇪
Oguri Cap ate ATM.
Atm has simultaneous cases of pecker foot and foot pecker--a first in the medical literature
atm is down for maintenance
ATM's governing body is in quite a state <:crycat2:656596419406331934>
ATM wore his "I'm gonna marry your dad" shirt to the first date with his gf
atm is a socialist: he loves socializing
Cutting the flesh makes ATM have a husband's bulge
ATM refers to himself as "Loli Hitler"
atm beats children relentlessly at street fighter because he believes sandbagging is patronizing
ATM has the sex drive of an old elephant
atm only eats unopened, pure vanilla yogurt, none of that sloppy seconds, swapping, or spoon-sharing stuff
Atm is trying to outrun his problems but unfortunately for him the CatDog-esque combination of merth and nerf he made is quite fast
ATM is working with the data he purchased from 23 and Me to make 1 - 1 reproductions of everyone's bussy
ATM wore virgin white at his wedding even though ¾ of his groomsmen knew he wasn’t a virgin because they have slept with him
"When the going gets tough, I start crying." || \- Adam Montgomery
ATM has fought mudcrabs more fearsome than you
ATM is lactation intolerant
ATM is changing how we view load-bearing walls for the worse
Atm died peacefully in his sleep last night after being crushed by a large rock
DM ATM: At bar you see a cloaked, hunched over man. He wears a crown of bone and blade, surrounded by three sentient rings of fire. His arm is made of steel. || Me: Who else is in the tavern || ATM: Uhhhh there's a goblin named Sam Smorkle || Me: I want to talk to Sam Smorkle || ATM: You walk up to Sam Smorkle, your tight leather pants showing off your curves beatifully. Sam addresses you in a seductive tone, setting your hole aquiver. || Me: That is NOT happening- || ATM: Sam Smorkle's bony fingers grab your belt, undoing it with a deftness surpassing even what is expected of his kind. "Oh? The sleight of your hands comes not from your ancestry alone. Are you a thief?" You say, || Me: No I don't || ATM: Sam replies "I am a ninja. I was trained in the kunoichi arts by my mother, Lady Kikuo of the Sexy Ninja Clan. We were taught to steal, to kill, and..." - he flashes a seductive smile - "some other things."
*merth waking up with atm standing over him* || atm: "hey man I made you a covenant with God" || merth: "but I'm already circumcised? Also, why can't I feel anything below my waist?" || atm: "You were? Then this *isn't* your foreskin??" *holds up a bloody severed foot*
Thousands of kpop fans crucified ATM after he said his bias is "Jung Gook"
Atm shaved his head clean so it'd be easier to think of himself as the anonymous guy in porn
atm: "I see you know kung fu, but do you know...hung fu?" *rips off his school girl skirt revealing his huge penis* || Merth: "heh, your hung fu is quite impressive but checkout my BONG FU" *starts swinging two bongs chained together like nunchucks and taking rips from them* || Jhonty: "This is so racist" || Nerfgunner: "CHECK OUT MY DUNG FU" *rips off his cargo shorts and starts shitting*
ATM enjoys findomming by getting pregnant from random men and getting child support from them
ATM is the winner of several Gold Medals in the sport of Competitive Racism
This is the man who serviced ATM: JdLE7GVjp-E
Atm keeps offering to commit ritualistic suicide over every little thing and frankly as his lord I’m getting a little concerned for his mental health
Atm cracked open an old one and went mad
atm has been killing slimes for 300 years and maxed out his level
ATM quit his vaping habit by going to every vape store in a 50 mile radius and calling the workers slurs so no one will sell to him anymore.
Atm bought a 500 packs of mixed Heart and "PLAP" stickers to enhance his marvel comics
Atm is a double pigger
ATM wants to lay on top of you and grunt for a few minutes
ATM's nurples are purple
Atm has an onlyfans where you can pay him to give you a private let's play
Thirsty? Try ATM’s signature cocktail for the summer! It’s called a “fresh atm” and it’s made with bourbon and tonic water. Served room temperature
The streetcar is named Desire because ATM wants to fuck it.
ATM has issued a fatwa against merth.
ATM makes his own cheerios at home
ATM is the reigning champion of the southeastern division for Suburban Bowling (drunk driving)
ATM still has a crush on Molly Ringwald.
atm was escorted out of the Latin Grammys for making a scene after he discovered "Latin" referred to "Latin America" and not the dead language
ATM's Gundam name is "Poo Le Faga"
ATM is currently touching his penis!
ATM is both a landlord and a tenant. This is why he hates himself.
ATM won the blue ribbon at his county fair for his Tiramisu made with actually Lady’s fingers
ATM draws lewds in Allegria art style
atm is out of stock
atm writes 氣 instead of 気
atm is devoid of guile, innocent and without deception
ATM’s revolution **WILL** be televised on the CW
ATM loves fisting your dad
I was watching porno with atm and I looked down at his crotch and saw he had a boner and when I asked him why he had that he said it was because of the dude in the porno atm was hard because of a man he was watching a man thrust his cock into a broad over and over again and was hard because of the man
atm eats cicadas the wrong way
Long ago, in a civilization lost to time, atm was in charge of handing out prison sentences based off of entirely anonymized retelling of the events. Despite this, he still targeted young black men disproportionately
Atm can be trusted with the Death Note
ATM's college nickname Wroughtiron Analgrievance, is concerning.
ATM made a silly mistake and initiated a resonance cascade
atm is with the science team
ATM smells like mustard
atm got potemkin bustered
atm has- || one || two || three || four || dollars in his bank account
ATM atm'd the atm
Atm took a shit in the urinal at Motorsuns Stadium
Atm has searched "sex videos" on every public library computer in Missouri
Atm can fit 33 fingers in his ass but only if they're his own
Gee atm, I don’t think you should shorten “transit cop” to that, also it’s basically the same number of letters and syllables
atm joined the police union because he hates the bourgeoise
atm turned 360 degrees and walked away
I'm sorry ATM, "idgi" doesn't actually mean "I don't get inseminated"
ATM showed up to my door dressed as a tan gyaru but it's not the same.
atm hates immutable strings
atm's favorite photo is that john lennon one (you know which)
every 28 days atm goes to war
ATM does a land acknowledgement before he jacks off.
I took a shit and atm said "thanks can I cum on it" and I said no and flushed and then he tried to enslave me
ATM like his milk with pulp
The recipe called for a dry rub so atm stroked his shit raw on it
ATM actually turned all the sailors gay, wtf
atm grilled and ate all the seamen
atm says he can't come down for dinner because he's "too pressurized"
atm is banned from all dating apps
ATM got his hotdog stolen right out of his mouth by a capuchin monkey when he was in Argentina :(
Bandit merth: "draw your sword and have at thee!" || atm: "I do not carry a sword on my hip but a sword in my heart" || Bandit merth: "thats gay as fuck dawg YAAAA" || *Bandit merth thrusts his blade at atm's chest but suddenly atm's chest bursts open and his heart parries the strike with a sword!" || atm: "heh, told you so"
Atm is hydrophobic (he has so many slurs against water)
ATM thinks wetback is a slur against Mermaids
atm got disqualified from the "most gay homosexual" competition for yelling racial slurs
ATM had a crush on the elementary school nurse and would vomit on himself every day to go see her. Probably didn't need to on himself, but hey.
"Scumbag Gaming: \*is awesomesauce* || Wait, did I say Scumbag? I meant Good Guy Greg" || \- ATM on open mic night at the comedy club
Atm wanted to open a Columbo theme park but backed off after Argentinians protested against the name
Atm got drunk and started playing the war drum and now all the battlemerths are assembled and braying for blood
ATM thought "リア充" was an antisemitic slur and hoped it was
ATM hates riajuu
Apparently ATM’s and merth’s cursed blades started dating at some point and began making out sloppy style in the middle of climactic combat while both armies watched and sniggered
ATM grilled and ate Koharu's head wings
ATM made his first vocaloid song and it's about suicide! No one has ever done that before!
ATM thinks all the he-series pronouns should be replaced with malequeen
atm is white passing
atm is my favorite white passing latinx
ATM runs a twitter account called Cyber Ghost Tokyo where he reposts cosplayers without credit
atm plays porn games all night long hoping he unlocks a secret new game+ mode with fun gameplay
"Look guys! I'm a passoid!" - ATM after putting shoe polish on his face again.
ATM lost his railroad pension after he was fired from his job at the Hump Yard for doing the wrong kind of humping to train cars
ATM is known as the bisexual Morpheus
ATM's nickname while he worked for Amazon was "Good thing" because he always came in small packages
atm died and the only thing he left me was his "gooning library" which appears to just be thousands of AI-generated images of anime girls crying while holding past due bills
ATM opened a satanic seashell shop
For a small fee, ATM will mail you one of his farts!
There's an atm in Kansas City who calls himself the human trampoline
Atm stands in the Uma Musume lane at the park hoping to get run over
merth pulled atm's finger and atm shit himself quietly
ATM was surprisingly not cancelled for his jewish martial arts porn character, "Hung Dong Jewey"
ATM went up to the Premier of China and went "Dong? Where is my automobile?"
atm dubbed Under the Skin from Scottish English into actual English
ATM was yelled at by John Taffer on “Bar Rescue” because his bar had a drink called the “Flaming Faggot”
atm is drawn in mspaint
atm uses :ʒ instead of :3
ATM offers himself as a flag of convenience for cargo ships
atm ships powerscaling with crackshipping
atm wants to \*\*\*\* 2b
atm's favorite anime doesn't exist because he doesn't actually watch anime
atm somehow managed to crossbreed golden delicious apples with sunflowers and raise them at mass scale, he's actually factually Au-Ra farming now
atm made a stormlight archive amv with Bury the Light - Vergil's battle theme from Devil May Cry 5
atm is struggling to find his identity and the liquor store cashier won't accept "I remember 9/11" as proof he's over 21
@ℒℯ 『ATM』 came to me in a dream and called me a homophobic slur 😦
ATM and merth have a queerplatonic relationship
heard atm got a big ass
ATM has entered into a consent decree with the Justice Department  over housing discrimination against people who’s name starts with the letter H
atm stayed in the bathroom long enough that uhhh someone make a funny fact
ATM stayed in the bathroom long enough that his cats got hemorrhoids
atm stayed in the bathroom long enough that his hemorrhoids are asking to play fortnite with him
ATM's IRL nickname is "Shepherd's Pie"
"Fuck you and the horse you rode in on!" ATM, livid
atm has been selectively breeding cockroaches for human-like intelligence and stopped after the 2nd generation was able to beat him at chess
atm is just a nakige boy in a nukige world
ATM's third eye isn't where you might expect it...
Atm made a communist SNES emulator (it's a savestate-less application)
ATM is starting with his "Red Zone" shit again
Schadenfreude? ATM prefers Shiddenfarde.
After ATM was sued for kidnapping geese and spreading them all over the country, a Judge issued a gaggle order on him to gather them all back up
atm is a professional cat photographer
ATM is drinking Colombian decaffeinated coffee crystals
atm is not kind to shrimp and crabs
whenever atm gets bored he just starts fartin
atm is never bored when he's posting on this server
Atm calls autistic kids "aspie noodles"
atm owns a death note that he uses for shopping lists
ATM was shoved into the same locker Elon Musk was shoved into before. He frequently brags about this.